0:About Us
  Planet DDS is the leading provider of cloud-enabled dental software solutions serving over 10,000 practices in North America with over 60,000
1:users.
2:The company delivers a complete platform of solutions for dental practices including Denticon Practice Management, Apteryx XVWeb Digital Imaging, and Legwork Patient Relationship Management.
3:Planet DDS is committed to creating value for its dental practice clients by solving the most urgent challenges facing today’s dental practices in North America
  Overview
  To be successful, you will need to be self-motivated, a critical thinker, be able to take high-level direction, communicate clearly, gain consensus, and drive to completion in a very fast paced
4:environment.
5:You do not shy away from learning something new or experimenting with technologies to find the right solution.
6:You are a friendly, hard-working and positive person with a true passion for solving problems with technology and will fit in well with our dynamic team.
7:This role is hybrid working 1-2x per week out of one of our offices: Phoenix, AZ, Newport Beach, CA or Seattle, WA.
8:Responsibilities & Duties
  Develop:
 
   Infrastructure as Code
9:(IaC).
10:Automated responses to alerts.
11:Observability enhancements including, dashboards, metrics, alerting
 
  Architectures and patterns for:
 
   Reducing MTTA, MTTR and incident
12:volume.
13:Reducing and eliminating toil.
14:Improving the performance and reliability of cloud-based products and services before production release.
15:Optimize & manage:
 
   Measuring and monitoring availability, latency, and overall system health across all Planet DDS product
16:lines.
17:Performance, scalability, and reliability tuning.
18:Observability cost optimization.
19:Security detection, response and hardening.
20:Support
   Leads all aspects of incident management including post-mortem / root cause
21:analysis.
22:Enables effective and efficient troubleshooting, remediation of application and cloud platform issues.
23:Support operations & engineering teams on Azure, GCP and AWS.
24:Training & mentoring for peers and less experienced engineers.
25:Production environments with on-call support rotations.
26:Advocacy
 
 
   DevOps culture & automation, architectural & security standards
   Assess and raise risks across the Planet DDS solution
 
  Partnership with:
 
   Internal engineering, architecture and operations teams to understand their requirements
 
 
   External teams to support their work and ensure compliance with our standards
 
 
   Participate in our Agile processes
   Other duties as assigned
 
  Qualifications
 
   Solid understanding of Reliability concepts to ensure high performance and high service
27:availability.
28:Solid understanding of Observability across multiple cloud and on-premise environments using tools like DataDog, NewRelic, CloudWatch and Azure Monitor.
29:Solid understanding of Production operations including 24x7 on-call support, incident management, RCA and postmortem analysis.
30:Solid understanding of infrastructure management across multiple cloud and on premise environments using tools such as Terraform, Bicep, PowerShell, Ansible, Chef and AWS Systems Manager.
31:8 or more years in hands on technical roles (such as site reliability engineer, software engineer, DevOps engineer, infrastructure engineer)
   2 or more years leading an SRE team, building, deploying and operating web
32:apps.
33:C#,
34:Core and SQL coding is desired
   Troubleshooting Azure PaaS issues, especially for App Services, Azure Functions, Azure Logic Apps, Azure SQL, Azure Storage, Application Insights, Azure Redis, VNets and Azure App
35:Gateway.
36:Multi Cloud experience is high desirable including GCP and AWS
 
 
   Security is part of everything we do and will require your knowledge of fundamental cloud security
37:(e.g., identity and access management, firewalls, etc.)
38:Deep understanding of logging and monitoring and security best practices
   Strong collaboration and communication skills
   Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant major or equivalent years of experience
 
  Any of the following would be a plus:
 
   Dental industry knowledge
   Azure DevOps Expert or Solutions Architect Expert certification
   Experience working in B2B SaaS companies
   Experience with cloud containers, specifically Kubernetes
 
  About You
 
   You respect and share our values
   You love working with teams of smart and driven people to solve challenging problems
   You can talk about complex software systems and have ideas on how to build quality, performant, and easily supportable software most effectively
   You exhibit dogged determination to get to the root of problems
   You care about best-practices and evangelizing them with the team
 
 
   You like to research and propose new techniques and methodologies to improve quality and efficiency of our software
   You can clearly convey your thoughts, enjoy presenting what you’ve done, and can cater your message to audiences both technical and non-technical
 
  Behavior and Scope
 
   You raise issues early when you see obstacles to achieving a goal and work to find
39:solutions.
40:You volunteer to get involved in the solution even if it is beyond your own team or
41:role.
42:You evangelize good practices both on and off your team.
43:You actively help solve cross-team issues by assisting other teams.
44:You speak up on broader issues in the domain beyond your own work, such as processes, company issues or large projects.
45:You guide the team in designing major components of systems and products.
46:You lead the design and development of large and critical areas of Azure
47:infrastructure.
48:You are able to reason about the purpose of each component in a system and how they interact with each other to support the product.
49:You propose and advocate for significant new features and actively affect change.
50:You rarely require guidance to complete complex work to achieve success.
51:You often lead and guide other team members.
52:You actively mentor others and seek
53:accountability.
54:Planet DDS Core Values 
 Collaborative
  Working independently and across teams, we create scalable solutions to enable company
55:growth.
56:Empathetic
  We are educated on the experience of our customers and feel vested in their
57:success.
58:Accountable
  We feel ownership for the quality of our work and take pride in the positive
59:outcomes.
60:Trustworthy
  We operate with integrity and honesty, making promises we know that we can
61:keep.
62:Ambitious
  We are driven by our ability to make a long-term, positive impact on the lives of dental market
63:leaders.
64:1frjHhutvt
