0:Be Part of Building the Future 
   Dremio is The Easy and Open Data Lakehouse, providing self-service analytics with data warehouse functionality and data lake flexibility across all of your
1:data.
2:Dremio increases agility with a revolutionary data-as-code approach that adopts Git concepts to enable data experimentation, version control, and governance.
3:In addition, Dremio breaks down data silos by simplifying ingestion into the lakehouse, and also allowing queries directly on databases and data warehouses.
4:All of this is available through a fully managed service that not only eliminates the need to maintain infrastructure and software, but also automatically optimizes the data in the lakehouse to maximize performance for every workload.
5:Founded in 2015, Dremio is headquartered in Santa Clara,
6:CA.
7:Investors include Cisco Investments, Insight Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Redpoint Ventures, and Sapphire Ventures.
8:For more information, visit www.dremio.com.
9:Connect with Dremio on GitHub, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.
10:If you, like us, say "bring it on" to exciting challenges that really do change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your
11:mark.
12:About the role 
  Dremio's SREs ensure that internal and externally visible services have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of
13:improvement.
14:You will be joining a small team of experienced SREs helping to deliver a world class experience to Dremio Cloud customers.
15:Our systems, like many, are joint-cognitive, made up of both people and software: complex and therefore intrinsically hazardous.
16:We understand and expect that catastrophe is always just around the corner.
17:What you'll be doing 
 
  Drive continuous improvements to our usage of Kubernetes, our Operators, and the GitOps deployment
18:paradigm.
19:Extend our networking, service mesh and Kubernetes systems to support connectivity between GCP, AWS and
20:Azure.
21:Collaborate with Engineering teams to support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, monitoring/alerting, capacity planning, production readiness and service
22:reviews.
23:Help define and instrument Service Level indicators and objectives (SLIs/SLOs) with service owners in the Engineering
24:teams.
25:Develop SLO-based on-call strategies for service owners and their teams.
26:Collaborate within our virtual Observability team: develop and improve observability (tracing, events, metrics, profiling, logging and exceptions) of the Dremio Cloud
27:product.
28:Ability to debug and optimize code written by others and automate routine
29:tasks.
30:You recognize complexity and are familiar with multiple techniques to manage it but recognize the folly in complete rewrites.
31:Evangelize and advocate for resilience engineering and reliability practices across our
32:organization.
33:Scale systems sustainably through automation and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and
34:velocity.
35:Join an on-call rotation for systems and services that the SRE team
36:owns.
37:Practice sustainable incident response and post-incident investigation
38:analysis.
39:Use techniques developed in and around the Learning from Incidents community.
40:Drive the cultural, technical, and process changes to move towards a true continuous delivery model within the
41:company.
42:What we're looking for 
 
  7+ years of relevant experience in the following areas: SRE, DevOps, Distributed Systems, Cloud Operations, Software
43:Engineering.
44:Expertise in Kubernetes, Istio, Terraform,
45:ArgoCD/Flux.
46:Expertise with software defined networking infrastructure: dedicated and partner interconnects, VPNs,
47:BGP.
48:Excellent command of cloud services on GCP/AWS/Azure, CI/CD
49:pipelines.
50:Have moderate-advanced experience in Python/Go, and at least reading knowledge of
51:Java.
52:Interested in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed
53:systems.
54:Have a systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and
55:drive.
56:Great ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine
57:tasks.
58:Solid background in software development and architecting resilient and reliable
59:applications.
60:Bonus points if you have 
 
  Hands-on experience with large-scale production Kubernetes clusters (<=1000
61:nodes).
62:Developed SLIs/SLOs for production
63:systems.
64:Hands-on experience using Honeycomb for OpenTelemetry trace
65:analysis.
66:Engagement with the Learning from Incidents
67:community.
68:Familiarity with seminal work of Allspaw, Woods, Cook et al.
69:What we offer 
 
  Medical, dental and vision insurance 
  401(k) Plan 
  Short term / long term disability and life insurance 
  Pre-IPO stock options 
  Flexible PTO 
  16 hours of volunteer time off 
  12 company paid holidays, including Juneteenth 
  Remote work options 
  Monthly "Get Stuff Done" (GSD) Days 
  Paid parental leave 
  Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
  Quarterly swag surprise 
  
 **Certain benefits are only allowed to full-time Dremio employees and may not be the same across all
70:locations.
71:#LI-JW1 #LI-Remote 
  The base salary range for this position is $154,545to $209,091 per
72:year.
73:The base salary actually offered to a successful candidate will take into account various relevant and non-discriminatory business factors including, without limitation, the candidate's geographic location, job-related experience, knowledge, and skills, and education, as well as internal equity considerations.
74:A successful candidate may also be eligible to earn additional compensation including commissions and/or bonuses.
75:What we value 
   At Dremio, we hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to People, Thinking, and
76:Action.
77:Our Gnarlies (that's what we call our employees) communicate with clarity, drive accountability, and are respectful towards each other.
78:We confront brutal facts and focus on results while operating with a sense of urgency and building a "flywheel".
79:People who like to jump in and drive momentum will thrive in our #GnarlyLife.
80:Dremio is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce
81:diversity.
82:We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other unlawful factor.
83:Dremio is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview
84:process.
85:To request accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.
86:Dremio has policies in place to protect the personal information that employees and applicants disclose to
87:us.
88:Please click here to review the privacy notice.
