
 Company Description
  Block is one company built from many blocks, all united by the same purpose of economic empowerment. The blocks that form our foundational teams — People, Finance, Counsel, Hardware, Information Security, Platform Infrastructure Engineering, and more — provide support and guidance at the corporate level. They work across business groups and around the globe, spanning time zones and disciplines to develop inclusive People policies, forecast finances, give legal counsel, safeguard systems, nurture new initiatives, and more. Every challenge creates possibilities, and we need different perspectives to see them all. Bring yours to Block.
 
 

 Job Description
  The Client Platform Engineering (CPE) team is responsible for architecting, developing, and operating a mission-critical platform used by all Blocks, which includes employee laptops, desktops, and tablets. CPE follows best practices such as using infrastructure as code and employs innovative approaches to ensure reliability and security while minimizing operational costs. The team is dedicated to a CI/CD workflow with automated testing, promotion, and deployment processes. CPE also follows a site reliability approach to service ownership, focusing on data-driven decision-making and alerting. The team supports a large fleet of clients running macOS, iOS, Windows, Chrome OS, and Linux operating systems.
  We are currently seeking an experienced Software Engineer (SWE) with proficiency in DevOps practices and tools to join our team. The ideal candidate should have a strong background in Software Engineering and a deep understanding of DevOps principles. As an agile team, we promote pair-programming, continuous learning of new technologies, and pushing the boundaries of our field to foster innovation. We actively contribute to open source projects, present at conferences, and actively contribute to shaping industry discourse through our innovative approach and expertise.
 
 

 Qualifications
  Key Responsibilities:
 
   Manage the entire employee device lifecycle while collaborating with partner teams in Information Security, IT Logistics, and Service desk to ensure a seamless environment for Blocks.
   Develop strategies and code on client macOS, ChromeOS, Windows, iOS, and Linux endpoints in laptop, desktop, and virtual form.
   Utilize DevOps tools, including Terraform Cloud, to architect, develop, and operate the client platform.
   Build and maintain CI/CD pipelines for integrating changes and deploying to production in progressively tested environments.
   Automate monitoring and alerting for services using observability tools such as Datadog or LogScale (Humio) to enable data-driven decision-making and effective alerting.
   Automate the software patching and deployment process.
   Deliver configurations and maintain state using configuration management tools.
   Support data-driven policy by shipping and querying streams of fleet data.
   Implement and maintain infrastructure as code approach, leveraging best practices and innovative solutions.
   Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure a smooth CI/CD workflow for testing, promotion, and deployment of changes.
   Document new processes or update existing documentation pages.
   Support a diverse fleet of macOS, iOS, Windows, Chrome OS, and Linux clients, ensuring reliability, security, and performance.
 
  Qualifications:
 
   8+ years of experience working in a professional IT Engineering environment.
   Strong understanding of CI/CD workflows, automation frameworks, and best practices.
   Familiarity with cloud-based technologies and best practices, particularly in Amazon Web Services and/or other cloud platforms.
   Previous experience in a DevOps role, with proficiency in Terraform Cloud and other relevant DevOps tools, is required.
   Experience with Mac administration, including installing, upgrading, and monitoring software and hardware, maintaining Mac operating systems, and MDM (Mobile Device Management) software administration.
   Experience with at least one high-level programming language such as Python, Ruby, Go, or Swift.
   Working knowledge of some of the following technologies: Git, SaltStack, Munki, MDM, Osquery, CI/CD, Zero-Trust Networking, Docker, and Cloud Infrastructure.
   Comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with the ability to prioritize tasks and manage time effectively.
   Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
   Strong communication and collaboration abilities.
 
 
  Technologies We Use and Teach:
 
   Amazon Web Services (AWS)
   Salt
   Python, Swift, Go, Powershell, Bash
   Munki, Chocolatey
   macOS, Windows, Chrome OS, Linux, MDM
   Snowflake
   Apache Airflow
   Humio
 
  Additional Information
  Block takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.  Zone A: USD $202,500 - USD $247,500 Zone B: USD $192,400 - USD $235,200 Zone C: USD $182,300 - USD $222,800 Zone D: USD $172,200 - USD $210,400
 
  To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information.
  Full-time employee benefits include the following:
 
   Healthcare coverage (Medical, Vision and Dental insurance)
   Health Savings Account and Flexible Spending Account
   Retirement Plans including company match
   Employee Stock Purchase Program
   Wellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance
   Paid parental and caregiving leave
   Paid time off (including 12 paid holidays)
   Paid sick leave (1 hour per 26 hours worked (max 80 hours per calendar year to the extent legally permissible) for non-exempt employees and covered by our Flexible Time Off policy for exempt employees)
   Learning and Development resources
   Paid Life insurance, AD&D, and disability benefits
   Additional Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources
 
  These benefits are further detailed in Block's policies. This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans. 
  We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
  We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
  Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  
  
  Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.
