
 Description: 
  Overview
  We are looking for a Manager of System Operations (SysOps) - Information Technology to join our Systems Operations IT team, and execute strategy for Mosaic Dental Collective Information Technology systems as a subject matter expert. We’re seeking somebody highly motivated, with solid verbal and written communication skills to oversee and direct the day-to-day activities of our Network, Sys Engineer, Telephony, and Site Reliability team.
  The successful candidate will play a critical role in the day-to-day oversight of teams managing and monitoring all installed systems and infrastructure; install, configure, test, and maintain cloud systems, application software and system management tools, while ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. You will also maintain security back-up, and redundancy strategies.
  The individual will be driving projects that focus on continual process improvement and technology to deliver an efficient experience for business groups and customers, as well as supporting critical regulatory response and remediation efforts. This role requires strong teamwork, communication, and organization skills needed to drive progress and decisions across various business groups throughout the organization. You will maintain process discipline and best practices, while adhering to our internal company values and standards.
  The Manager of System Operations will report to the Vice President of Technology. This position will office from home and can be located in the Seattle, WA metro area, or Sacramento, CA. The salary range for this position is $100k -120k.
  What You'll Be Accountable For
  1. Provide direction and supervise our Managed Service Providers, overseeing daily operations of the network, server infrastructure, site reliability, and telephony.
  2. Aligning IT infrastructure with current and future business requirements and goals.
  3. Evaluating risk, developing network recovery and backup processes.
  4. Execute project plans for new technology projects designed to meet evolving business needs.
  5. Manage the implementation of significant infrastructure projects including network, telephony and cloud projects.
  6. Work closely with senior IT leaders and MSP’s in executing upgrades/updates to existing applications and maintaining infrastructure to ensure uptime and performance.
  7. Implementing security of the network, data, and its storage and communication systems.
  8. Monitoring and adjusting IT systems to operate effectively.
  9. Ensuring we meet regular security/patching schedules while maintaining an audit-ready posture to ensure HIPAA/PCI compliance.
  10. Assist in streamlining and simplifying our infrastructure needs while providing room for future growth.
  11. In collaboration with other Managers, be responsible for twenty-four-hour oversight responsibility to ensure quality delivery of information services.
  12. Provide budget proposals, interface with vendors and help negotiate pricing and enforce cost-effectiveness.
  13. Managing a queue of tickets related to the technical infrastructure.
  Your Work DNA
 
  An ability to support existing infrastructure while creating new streamlined technical solutions.
  Someone who can serve as a liaison between technical teams and the business.
  Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to interface with internal/external customers, vendors, management etc. in both formal and informal situations.
  Ability to make sound decisions and solve complex business and technical issues.
  A forward thinker, someone who can understand the business strategy and assist in carrying out tactical execution of various IT initiatives.
  Excellent organizational and project management skills. Develops and drives processes to supplement existing methods and scale the team.
  Strong analytical skills and adept at root-cause analysis.
  Excellent verbal and written communication skills with audiences of varied background and technical level.
 
 
  Work Environment
  Work will take place primarily remote but occasional on-site travel will be required. This is a full-time position that requires the ability to work a flexible and regular full-time schedule. It requires the ability to sit and work at a computer for extended periods of time and communicate effectively with a diverse audience in person, by phone and by computer. This position may travel between office sites occasionally.
  This position requires the ability to sit/stand and work at a computer for extended periods of time, and communicate effectively with a diverse audience in person, by phone and by computer. This position requires the ability to lift, push, and carry up to 50lbs, as well as enough mobility to attend to server hardware. This position may travel between office sites occasionally to support office initiatives or provide backup.
  Mosaic Dental Collective is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws. We support and encourage diversity. Requirements:
 
  Your Background
 
  3-5 years of experience in an IT manager or equivalent role.
  Excellent project management skills and the ability to prioritize.
  Experience and understanding of Network technologies and Microsoft Azure and O365 services
  Experience with virtualization platforms such as Microsoft Hyper-V.
  Call center experience is a plus but not required.
  Strong knowledge or familiarity of IT Infrastructure, security, network, systems administration, databases and data storage systems.
  Specific knowledge of administration of SQL and mySQL databases
  Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Windows (desktop and server) administrative practices
 
  Preferred Experience
 
  IT Managed Services
  Microsoft Cloud Services (Azure, O365)
  Managing Hybrid Cloud and On-Prem Systems
 
