Key job responsibilities:

 Provision and manage AWS infrastructure, including EC2, CloudFormation Templates, AppStream, and Load Balancers.
 Build dash boarding and alarming to drive Operational Excellence.
 Work with a wide range of technologies, and AWS products.
 Build AWS Application Environments including VPC, EC2, RDS, SSM, S3.
 Architect and setup infrastructure on AWS and AWS gov-cloud environments.
 Analyze and Support setup of new devices connectivity to applications.
 Monitor network connectivity between all internal and external systems.
 Work closely with Application leads to understand needs and plan for infrastructure demands.
 Drive automation of routine tasks to help scale the operations.
 Maintain hardware architecture documentation for all infrastructure and networking components.
 Support Identity and Access Management (IAM) initiatives building highly secure working environments.
 You will work collaboratively with internal security teams and key stakeholders to intake requirements and deliver a customer obsessed IAM experience.

Basic Qualification

 Bachelor’s Degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science or related field, or relevant work experience.
 4+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering.
 4+ years of experience with focus in areas such as systems, network and/or application security.
 4+ years of experience with web protocols and Linux/Unix tools and architecture.
 4+ year experience building scripts, tooling, and automation for large-scale computing environments using Python, Java, PHP, Ruby, or Bash/Shell.
 Experience communicating with technical and non-technical stakeholders at all levels across multiple business units.
 Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering measurable results in an agile environment.

Preferred Qualifications:

 5+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering.
 Demonstrable expertise around specifying, designing, and/or implementing system health, performance monitoring tools, and software management tools for 24x7 environments.
 Practical knowledge of Role-based identity management including SPML and SAML protocols for provisioning.
 Experience in the Identity and Access Management field with Practical experience in LDAP and AD implementations in support of enterprise directory services.
 Familiarity with AWS Cloud Security controls and deployment
 Excellent problem-solving skills and development of creative solutions
 Understanding of design for scalability, performance, and reliability.
 Automation, testing or monitoring framework development experience.
 Understanding of common network and federated authentication protocols like Kerberos, OAUTH, NTLM, OIDC, SAML, FIDO, etc.
 Expertise in directory schema design and data integration

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 401(k) matching
 Dental insurance
 Employee discount
 Flexible schedule
 Flexible spending account
 Health insurance
 Health savings account
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Referral program
 Retirement plan
 Tuition reimbursement
 Vision insurance

Compensation package:

 Hourly pay

Experience level:

 5 years

Schedule:

 8 hour shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Redmond, WA 98052: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Redmond, WA 98052