0:Primary City/State: Phoenix, Arizona
 
  Department Name: IT Infrastructure
 
  Work Shift: Day
 
  Job Category: Information Technology
 
  Primary Location Salary Range: $42.92 - $71.53 / hour, based on education & experience
  In accordance with State Pay Transparency Rules.
1:Health care is full of possibilities.
2:Information Technology plays a pivotal role in excellent patient care at Banner Health.
3:If you’re looking to leverage your abilities – you belong at Banner Health.
4:Azure cloud engineers are responsible for developing and deploying cloud computing solutions for their clients.
5:On any given day, they may be involved in tasks such as configuring cloud infrastructure, deploying applications, monitoring services, and resolving technical issues.
6:They also collaborate with various stakeholders to ensure projects are completed according to specifications.
7:Azure cloud engineers must stay informed of the latest developments in cloud technology to ensure their solutions are up-to-date and secure.
8:Banner Health is seeking a DevOps Engineer III, and the ideal candidate will have experience with cloud configuration and container lifecycle management products.
9:Banner Health IT was awarded Inside Pro and Computerworld's 100 Best Places to work in IT for 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023!
10:Within Banner Health Corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader.
11:We offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines.
12:Whether your background is in Human Resources, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Managed Care Programs or Public Relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care.
13:POSITION SUMMARY
  This position is a highly experienced individual contributor in Development Operations.
14:The DevOps Engineer III will perform the tasks necessary to analyze, design, configure, implement and support PaaS solutions, related services, processes, applications, and integrations.
15:This will involve working closely with IT functional areas, product owners and vendors to develop detailed design, execution and troubleshooting of strategic solutions in support of these systems.
16:The position includes involvement with resolving application and configuration issues/concerns, providing ongoing analysis of performance, implementation of approved changes, and ensuring continual service improvements.
17:This position will split time on operational activities and on improvements that deliver engineering solutions that improve instrumentation, ease of deployment, service orchestration and other aspects of production support – reduce the burden of manual work involved as systems and user volumes scale.
18:Take responsibility for all aspects of application production support, deployment and monitoring and develop tools to support these activities.
19:Design and build tools and solutions with a strong bias towards automating as many aspects of support as possible to reduce or eliminate trivial support activities.
20:Ensure newly deployed systems / services can be integrated into the existing monitoring and management tools so that the performance of the service and deviations are easily anticipated and instrumented.
21:CORE FUNCTIONS
  1.
22:Interprets internal and external business challenges and recommends best practices to improve services, processes or products.
23:2.
24:Solves complex problems.
25:Takes a broad perspective including coordination with others outside own work unit, to identify innovative solutions.
26:3.
27:Anticipates customer needs; assesses requirements and identifies new solutions.
28:Interacts primarily with department and cross-department peers, supervisor, customers, peers’ managers, patients and physicians.
29:4.
30:Makes decisions guided by policies in non- standard situation.
31:Impacts the achievement of operational, project or service objectives.
32:Monitors and controls costs of own work and may manage budgets for moderate sized projects or programs.
33:Performs all functions according to established policies, procedures, regulatory and accreditation requirements, as well as applicable professional standards.
34:Provides all customers of Banner Health with an excellent service experience by consistently demonstrating our core and leader behaviors each and every day.
35:MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent working knowledge.
36:Must have in-depth knowledge of concepts within job function as would normally be obtained in seven plus years' work experience developing Enterprise Applications.
37:Strong understanding of each service across the full IT life-cycle and be ready to take requests for infrastructure services, applications and environments.
38:Experience designing solutions (Monitoring / process orchestration / capacity management / deployment) that can scale and potentially be leveraged by other parts of the organization.
39:Hands on experience working in both Agile and DevOps development methodologies.
40:Must possess strong knowledge of programming and cloud technology.
41:Needs experience in medium scale project planning.
42:Successful candidate will have skills to mentor less experienced team members.
43:Requires strong communication and presentation skills to explain and resolve complex technical issues to technical and non-technical audiences.
44:Requires ability to communicate and interact across facilities and at various levels.
45:As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required.
46:PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
  Cloud platform Certifications: AZ-301, AZ-400, and AZ-500.
47:Three to four years' experience implementing Enterprise Cloud Solutions.
48:Significant development and operations / engineering experience with the ability to apply that knowledge to solve complex problems.
49:Strong working knowledge of Java/C++/C#/.
50:Net Core, hardware environment, and use of program logic.
51:Additional related education and/or experience preferred.
52:EOE/Female/Minority/Disability/Veterans
  Our organization supports a drug-free work environment.
53:Privacy Policy
