0:If you are a leader with a passion for transforming global tax business with digital technology, plan your career with the US Tax Transformation.
1:This is an exciting opportunity to support global execution of Deloitte's tax strategy as we shift from "doing digital" to "being digital" by reimagining how we engage with our clients, deliver our services, operate our business, and create value.
2:Work you'll do
  
  As a Tax Software Lead in our Tax Transformation Office, you will be responsible for: 
  
 
  Assessing the impact of small and large IT projects and financial/tax applications portfolio by working with and reporting to the Manager of DevOps.
3:Managing and creating solution design documents for approved it tax projects as it pertains to DevOps.
4:Investigating & developing the detailed and long-term DevOps & Cloud strategic roadmap and design the architecture to ensure master data integrity, application scalability, and the standardization of full automation deployment for application and infrastructure deployment.
5:Designing and Managing the DevOps architecture of our current and future tax applications, future-state blueprint, including technical capabilities, technologies, business processes and standards.
6:Developing fit-for-purpose views as required to support architectural analysis and business management.
7:Partner with technical leads and serve as an advisor for strategic DevOps/Cloud initiatives.
8:Working closely with the IT engineering team to ensure the solution intent design is properly translated into detailed technical designs, and ultimately, deployed IT solutions.
9:The Team
  
  Deloitte Tax LLP's Tax Transformation Office (TTO) is responsible for the design, development, and deployment of innovative, enterprise technology, tools, and standard processes to support the delivery of tax services.
10:The TTO team focuses on enhancing Deloitte Tax LLP's ability to deliver comprehensive, value-added, and efficient tax services to our clients.
11:It is a dynamic team with professionals of varying backgrounds from tax technical, technology development, change management, Six Sigma, and project management.
12:The team consults and executes on a wide range of initiatives involving process and tool development and implementation including training development, engagement management, tool design, and implementation.
13:Qualifications:
  
  
 Required 
  
 
  2+ years of DevOps Engineering, specifically in Azure.
14:Good understanding of various technology stacks supporting IT applications and demonstrated experience to design and architect DevOps solutions with new technologies
   Understand Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) frameworks and how to implement SOA in Financial/Tax based enterprise applications;
   Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related engineering field, or relevant work experience 
  Ability to travel 25%, on average, based on the work you do and the clients and industries/sectors you serve
 
  
  Preferred 
  
 
  Azure certification
   One of the following accreditations obtained, in process, or willing and able to obtain: 
   
     Licensed CPA in state of practice/primary office if eligible to sit for the CPA
     If not CPA eligible: 
     
       Licensed Attorney
       Enrolled Agent
       Vendor Certification for Management of Implementations (Oracle, SAP, Thomson Reuters, etc.)
       Project Management (PMP)
       Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD)
       Six Sigma (Black Belt)
       Other - additional various tax technology accreditations may be acceptable based on business review and approval
     
   
 
  taxtrans
  
  The wage range for this role takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs.
15:The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled.
16:At Deloitte, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case.
17:A reasonable estimate of the current range is $87010 to $ 184210
  
  You may also be eligible to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program, subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors, including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance.
18:
