0:72:TerraClear's mission is to free farmers from the worst jobs on the farm.
1:76:Our path begins by automating the most hated job on the farm - rock picking.
2:88:Rocks slow farming, damage equipment, and lead to downtime while seeding and harvesting.
3:119:Solving this problem frees farmers to focus on higher-value tasks and bring their operations into a new era of farming.
4:158:Our team is a close group who believe in the power of collaboration and teamwork, the value of getting our hands dirty and learning from the farmers we serve.
5:70:You will thrive at TerraClear with a positive attitude and enthusiasm.
6:194:We are looking for a full-time Dev Ops / IT Infrastructure Engineer to manage automated software build environments, code releases, AWS cloud environments and production processing environments.
7:194:Your success will allow the company to a) have repeatable, stable build and release processes, b) optimize our use of AWS resources and c) maximize production environment uptime and utilization.
8:438:Salary range = $95k-$140k. 
  In this role, you will: 
  
  Manage / optimize use of AWS services to ensure we only pay for what we need 
  Manage CI automated build and test environments, including monitoring new versions of 3rd party dependencies and coordinating upgrades as needed 
  Enhance CI and testing processes to ensure delivery of stable products 
  Own build and deployment of application stacks across multiple environments.
9:1606:Monitor health & welfare of applications and underlying infrastructure 
  Implement best practices for the design and ongoing management of production, stage and development environment infrastructure, including network, access rights, servers, and applications in partnership with outsourced IT and TerraClear engineering teams 
  Responsible for production environment availability, as well as future evolution and capacity planning 
  Assist outsourced IT and internal team members in non-production IT activities as needed 
  Work in Agile environment to prioritize tasks and deliver technical milestones on schedule
 
  
 What we're looking for: 
  
  3-5 years professional experience 
  Demonstrated experience with Amazon Web Services, such as IAM, API Gateway, EBS, Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Block Store (EBS), Cognito, S3, Aurora, Lambda and Key Management, Terraform 
  Demonstrated CI/CD experience in commercial software environment 
  Proficient with git and git workflows 
  Experience with container technology such as Docker and Kubernetes 
  System administration experience with Linux and Windows operating systems 
  Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle 
  Experience designing, implementing and supporting IT infrastructure and service delivery 
  In-depth knowledge of networking technologies / concepts and computer hardware 
  Positive attitude and strong communication and team skills 
  BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, IT (or related field) or commensurate work experience 
  Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the US.
10:82:We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of employment Visa at this time.
11:130:If you're excited about TerraClear, fit the above qualifications and are passionate about solving hard problems, please apply now!
12:117:TerraClear is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to fostering an inclusive culture with extraordinary employees.
13:83:We provide employment opportunities without regard to any legally protected status.
14:130:If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
15:0:
