0:About Volant Partners
  Volant Partners provides business and engineering consulting services to companies across the United States.
1:We thrive by solving complex problems with a focus on regulated industries.
2:We best serve our customers by attracting and retaining the very best consultants.
3:Consequently, we have structured ourselves as an employee-owned company.
4:Volant Partners was founded in 2021 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
5:Job Description
  Volant Partners, Inc is seeking an Advisory DevOps Engineer to assist our clients with the development and deployment of their products.
6:Responsibilities will vary by client project, but the selected candidate will contribute to the automation of software deployment pipeline processes and developing automation tools.
7:In addition, responsibilities will include working closely with the development teams throughout the software development lifecycle to enable rapid product development and creating more stable operating environments by continuously improving the infrastructure to be easily deployable and scalable.
8:As subject matter experts, selected candidates will use their depth of software engineering and DevOps skills to introduce best practices into our clients.
9:Successful candidates will be self-starters who are comfortable in new situations where success is dependent on quickly understanding client challenges and addressing them.
10:This individual must have excellent communication skills (written, verbal, and presentation) and be able to communicate effectively with different engineering disciplines, project and client leadership.
11:While this position is mostly remote (working from home) there will be some on-site client work at times, so we are only seeking candidates in the greater Seattle area.
12:Typical Responsibilities
 
   Establishing and maintaining various development platforms and production environments.
13:Configuring and supporting software build and deployment pipelines.
14:Automating development platform systems for efficiency.
15:Interfacing with product development team/s to establish best practices.
16:Required Qualifications
 
   10+ years in software engineering environment with 8+ years of DevOps/SRE experience.
17:Experience with containerization software (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.).
18:Experience with Git and Git workflows.
19:Experience with cloud and IT automation tools (e.g., Terraform, Ansible)..
   Experience with scripting languages (Python, Bash, etc.).
20:Sound knowledge of operating systems, particularly Linux.
21:Strong analytical and interpersonal skills with the ability to work independently and collaboratively.
22:As a consultant, ability to effectively cooperate with the client and/or end users.
23:Fluent English in speech and writing (frequent communication with English-speaking clients).
24:Must be a US Person - U.S. citizen, U.S. permanent resident, or lawfully admitted into the U.S. as a refugee or granted asylum.
25:Preferred Qualifications
 
   Bachelor’s degree in technical course of study preferred.
26:Experience working in regulated industries such as defense, aerospace and automotive.
27:Experience working in a consulting or engineering services company.
28:Experience with major cloud platforms and their DevOps services.
29:Experience integrating quality and security scanning into CI/CD pipelines.
30:Experience with platform troubleshooting, monitoring, and alerting.
31:Experience in distributed computing, especially scalability and reliability.
32:Compensation & Benefits
  The salary range for this position is currently $156,000 to $194,000 based on current market data.
33:Actual compensation will depend on the successful candidates’ work location, qualifications, skills, and depth of experience.
34:As an employee-owned company, the total compensation for this position will include Stock Options and eligibility for the Utilization, VP Accelerator and Profit-Sharing bonus programs.
35:Our comprehensive benefits include 401k matching; medical, vision and prescription drug benefits; flexible spending accounts; life and disability insurance; and a generous company contribution to an HSA account.
36:Employees will also receive 15 days paid vacation and 10 days paid sick leave each year, as well as 12 or 13 paid holidays scheduled throughout the calendar year.
37:Volant Partners is an Equal Opportunity Employer: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
38:EEO is The Law EEO is The Law - Supplement Know your Rights Poster Pay Transparency - Nondiscrimination 
 
 EKuxNpCmvY
