Job Role	Job Location	Sentence
0:About Hive
Hive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative
1:organizations.
2:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
3:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
4:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
5:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
6:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
7:Frontend Engineer
Frontend Engineers are an essential part of the Hive Data and Hive Enterprise
8:products.
9:Working closely with designers, product owners, and other engineers, we implement the user interfaces that define our core platforms.
10:We leverage the latest web technologies such as React, Redux, Webpack,* and ES6* to deliver innovative interfaces and rich user experiences.
11:The team is small and fast moving, and you will be expected to iterate quickly and make software design decisions on product features.
12:As a front-end engineer at Hive, your breadth of skills paired with our bottom-up product process will give you as much autonomy and responsibility as you can handle.
13:We are looking for technically-strong teammates who are passionate about frontend technologies and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
14:Responsibilities

 Build robust, high performance, and scalable applications
 Work with the design and product teams to develop new features that are focused on user experience
 Actively participate in product decisions, ensuring we set reasonable development deadlines
 Look for opportunities to improve team efficiency and work with your team to implement improvements
 Utilize OWASP top 10 techniques to secure code from vulnerabilities
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority

Requirements

 You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 You have at least 1 year of experience working in web development
 You have experience working with 3rd party APIs and libraries
 You have in-depth knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and related web technologies
 You have a good grasp of React and Redux (or similar frameworks) and the concepts behind it
 You are capable of creating beautiful web products and have good UX sensibilities
 You are eager to learn new technologies and share your knowledge with your teammates
 You are receptive to feedback and always looking for opportunities to sharpen your skills
 You have excellent communication skills and experience in collaborative environments
 You write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability and scalability

Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI
15:company.
16:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
17:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.
18:Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
19:Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
20:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
21:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
22:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
23:Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
24:-
25:per year
Schedule:

 Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person
0:About Appen
 
 
 
   Appen is a leader in AI enablement for critical tasks such as model improvement, supervision, and
1:evaluation.
2:To do this we leverage our global crowd of over one million skilled contractors, speaking over 180 languages and dialects, representing 130 countries.
3:In addition, we utilize the industry's most advanced AI-assisted data annotation platform to collect and label various types of data like images, text, speech, audio, and video.
4:Our data is crucial for building and continuously improving the world's most innovative artificial intelligence systems and Appen is already trusted by the world's largest technology
5:companies.
6:Now with the explosion of interest in generative AI, Appen is helping leaders in automotive, financial services, retail, healthcare, and governments the confidence to deploy world-class AI products.
7:At Appen, we are purpose
8:driven.
9:Our fundamental role in AI is to ensure all models are helpful, honest, and harmless, so we firmly believe in unlocking the power of AI to build a better world.
10:We have a learn-it-all culture that values perspective, growth, and innovation.
11:We are customer-obsessed, action-oriented, and celebrate winning together.
12:At Appen, we are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse
13:workplace.
14:We are an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
15:Position Summary
 
  
 
 
   As a Product and Engineering HRBP at Appen, based in Bellevue, you will play a vital role in supporting the product and engineering functions by providing strategic and operational HR
16:partnership.
17:You will collaborate closely with product and engineering leaders, managers, and employees to deliver HR programs and initiatives that align with the company's objectives, drive employee engagement, and foster a high-performance culture.
18:Your expertise in HR practices and knowledge of the product development and engineering industries will be instrumental in attracting, developing, and retaining top talent in these areas.
19:Key Responsibilities:
 
 
   
 
 
   HR Business Partnering:
 
 
   Serve as a trusted advisor to product and engineering leaders and managers, offering guidance on a range of HR topics, including talent acquisition, performance management, employee relations, compensation, and career
20:development.
21:Collaborate with stakeholders to identify HR needs, challenges, and opportunities within the product and engineering functions and develop strategies to address them effectively.
22:Provide coaching and support to managers on employee development, performance improvement, and career planning.
23:Talent Acquisition and Retention:
 
 
  Partner with the Talent Acquisition team to develop and implement effective recruitment strategies for product and engineering positions, ensuring a diverse and inclusive candidate
24:pool.
25:Participate in the interview process, assess candidates' technical skills, cultural fit, and potential for success in the organization.
26:Support onboarding activities for new product and engineering hires, ensuring a smooth transition and positive experience.
27:Employee Engagement and Development:
 
 
  Design and implement initiatives to enhance employee engagement, satisfaction, and retention within the product and engineering
28:functions.
29:Collaborate with product and engineering leaders to identify training and development needs, and create programs that promote employee growth, technical skill enhancement, and career progression.
30:Monitor employee performance and provide guidance to managers on performance management, including goal setting, performance feedback, and recognition.
31:HR Program Implementation:
 
 
  Support the implementation of HR programs and initiatives, such as performance management, talent review, compensation planning, and succession
32:planning.
33:Ensure compliance with employment laws, regulations, and company policies, providing guidance to managers and employees as needed.
34:Data Analysis and Reporting:
 
 
  Utilize HR data and analytics to identify trends, insights, and areas for improvement within the product and engineering
35:functions.
36:Generate regular reports and dashboards on HR metrics, such as headcount, turnover, employee engagement, and performance, to inform decision-making and measure the effectiveness of HR programs.
37:Partner with hiring managers to understand their talent needs and develop effective recruitment strategies.
38:Collaborate with cross-functional teams, such as Talent Acquisition, and hiring managers, to ensure a seamless recruitment process an excellent candidate experience
  Monitoring the recruitment process to ensure hiring priorities are established and that talent needs are met in a timely manner
   Conduct in-depth interviews and assess candidate skills, qualifications, and cultural fit
   Provide feedback and insights to hiring managers on market trends, candidate feedback, and other relevant
39:information.
40:Qualifications:
 
   Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or a related field (Master's degree
41:preferred).
42:Minimum of 5 years of HRBP or HR generalist experience, with a focus on supporting product development and engineering functions.
43:In-depth knowledge of HR best practices, employment laws, and regulations.
44:Strong understanding of the product development and engineering industries, including familiarity with software development lifecycle, technical roles, and emerging trends.
45:Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build relationships, influence stakeholders, and resolve employee relations issues.
46:Proven experience in talent acquisition, employee engagement, performance management, and organizational development.
47:Analytical mindset, comfortable working with HR data and generating insights for informed decision-making.
48:Ability to work independently, manage multiple priorities, and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
49:#LI-Onsite
 
 
 
   Appen is the global leader in data for the AI Lifecycle with more than 25 years’ experience in data sourcing, annotation, and model
50:evaluation.
51:Through our expertise, platform, and global crowd, we enable organizations to launch the world’s most innovative artificial intelligence products with speed and at scale.
52:Appen maintains the industry’s most advanced AI-assisted data annotation platform and boasts a global crowd of more than 1 million contributors worldwide, speaking more than 235 languages.
53:Our products and services make Appen a trusted partner to leaders in technology, automotive, finance, retail, healthcare, and government.
54:Appen has customers and offices globally.
0:Orchards in the
1:U.S.
2:produce $35B of fruit every year, but fruit farmers are losing 30-50% of their potential crop because they lack data needed to manage crops precisely.
3:About Us: 
  Orchard Robotics is a seed-stage startup backed by top VCs like General Catalyst, Contrary, Soma Capital, Humba Ventures, and angel investors like Howard Lerman (founder of
4:Yext).
5:We’re building Robots & AI that enable precision crop
6:management.
7:Our AI-powered camera systems count, size, and measure the growth of every fruit on the 1,000,000+ trees in an orchard.
8:Our mission is to help farmers to produce more food for the world, much more efficiently.
9:Farmers are using our technology today in some of the largest orchards in the
10:nation.
11:We are looking for an ML / CV Research Engineer who will utilize their extensive domain knowledge & research background to invent creative, pragmatic, and robust solutions to challenging, real-world computer vision
12:problems.
13:If you're looking to help make a positive impact in the world by transforming the future of agriculture, come join us.
14:Even if you may not meet every requirement, we'd strongly encourage you apply.
15:About the role: 
  
  As an early engineer, you'll receive generous equity compensation 
  Full-time role at our Bellevue, WA headquarters 
  Flexible working hours 
  Comprehensive Health, Vision, and Dental coverage 
  We move fast, and sometimes this means staying late or working weekends 
  Our team is close-knit & highly driven, you’ll work directly with our CEO and entire team 
  We’re deeply motivated by the impact we’re making – every line of code written or new system built means one less fruit that goes to waste, and one more person who is
16:fed.
17:What you’ll do: 
  
  Prototype, evaluate, and deploy new machine learning / computer vision models for our AI-powered camera systems to analyze millions of fruit across hundreds of different environments and conditions 
  Combine state-of-the-art scientific research with relentless creativity to build inventive, adaptable, and reliable solutions to real-world computer vision challenges, such as object detection, depth estimation, optical flow, multi-object tracking w/ occlusions, etc) 
  Structure and curate our very large datasets of fruit to optimize performance of our models all throughout the growing season 
  Be a generalist, supporting different parts of our software if needed 
  
 What makes you a good fit: 
  
  Bachelor's or Master's Degree with at least 2 years of industry experience OR a
18:Ph.D.
19:in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Machine Learning, or other relevant fields.
20:Proven practical experience in developing, training, optimizing, and deploying machine learning models (PyTorch,
21:Tensorflow).
22:Experience working with massive amounts of real-world training data 
  Familiarity with MLops software and data engineering to ensure consistent deployment of ML models 
  Solid background of software engineering (Python, C++) 
  Track record of exploring and implementing state-of-the-art computer vision research from scientific literature 
  Ability to learn quickly and operate in a dynamic environment 
  Enthusiasm for taking on multiple roles and responsibilities as our company grows 
  
 Bonus Points:
23:Ph.D.
24:in Computer Science or relevant fields 
  Experience deploying & optimizing ML models to run fast on embedded compute like NVIDIA Jetson
 
  
  
  Above all, we value candidates who aren’t afraid to tackle real-world challenges head-on, and are ready to make a truly positive impact on the biggest industry in the world
25:(agriculture).
26:Join us in helping foster a more fruitful
27:future!
0:Imagine a world in which people build websites or products without Splunk, Mixpanel, or
1:Datadog.
2:That would be hard.
3:Yet, for engineers working on modern robotics systems (such as self-driving cars or drones), that’s an analogous reality.
4:These engineers often struggle to make informed decisions about their robots when things aren’t working correctly, and have to hack together solutions in-house.
5:We're building a platform to ingest, search and analyze the vast amounts of data produced by
6:robots.
7:Our platform ingests data from a wide range of devices (such as cameras, lidars, radars, batteries, motors, and more), and then allows engineers to analyze and transform it.
8:It’s AI.
9:It's robotics.
10:It’s autonomous systems.
11:It’s the future.
12:And it’s going to be huge.
13:Join us!
14:We’re looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer to join our founding
15:team.
16:In this role, you will be responsible for creating groundbreaking new user experiences that use AI to power the search, analysis and visualization of sensor data.
17:We expect you to be deeply familiar with modern web technologies and have prior experience building products at high growth startups.
18:TYPICAL QUALIFICATIONS
   
    
      BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or equivalent experience
      At least 4 years of full-time experience building web applications
      Expertise in JavaScript, TypeScript and React
      Experience building scalable web applications with cross-browser support
      Experience working closely with designers, product managers and backend engineers
      Experience creating designs with HTML/CSS and modern frameworks
19:(e.g.
20:MUI)
      Experience with visualization frameworks
21:(e.g.
22:WebGL,
23:and charting libraries
      Experience building developer tools, data analytics or visualization products
      Experience optimizing performance and state management in complex applications
      Experience building desktop applications with Electron (a plus)
      Experience with other programming languages such as Python (a plus)
      Experience with the latest web technologies including Web Assembly/wasm (a plus)
    
   
  
  
 
  
   ABOUT US
  
  
  
    We are a small but mighty (and growing) group with a mission to help the industry build better robots and bring them to market
24:faster.
25:Our founding team is made up of experts in robotics, machine learning, computer vision and more.
26:In past lives—we were founding engineers on the Amazon Prime Air team, led autonomy and simulation initiatives at Amazon Robotics, and implemented machine learning solutions from AWS into numerous Fortune 500 companies.
27:We also count the Paul Allen Institute for AI as a co-founder, one of the world’s leading A.I.
28:research institutions.
29:We recently raised seed funding from some incredible investors, and we’re now moving fast to build for our customers.
30:WHY JOIN
  
  
  
    BCG forecasts that the global robotics market will climb from $25 billion in 2021 to upwards of $260 billion by
31:2030.
32:McKinsey forecasts that the global shared autonomous-driving market alone will be roughly $1.6 trillion by 2030.
33:By any measure—the robotics industry is going to be huge—with the majority of that growth coming in the next 5-10 years.
34:But what's clear is that the industry doesn’t have the tools to facilitate that growth.
35:As a seed-funded startup, we also have several unique benefits that you can’t really get anywhere else:
  
  
  
    Personal impact — The opportunity to build something from the ground up and define a new
36:product.
37:Founding title — You will be one of our first
38:hires.
39:For the rest of our days, no matter how many thousands of people join after you, you will always have that honor and distinction.
40:Early stage equity — Early stage risk comes with early stage equity for
41:you.
42:And none of us would be here if we didn’t think that our company will create tremendous value over time.
43:Access to unique learning opportunities — With the Allen Institute for AI (AI2) as a co-founder, our team gets access to numerous talks by leading AI researchers/paper authors, access to knowledge sharing amongst the community of hundreds of engineers that work for AI2 companies, and much
44:more.
0:Software Engineer
  
   072806
  
 
 
 
  
    
    
    Life at Capgemini 
    
   
    Capgemini supports all aspects of your well-being throughout the changing stages of your life and
1:career.
2:For eligible employees, we offer: 
    
   
    
     Flexible work  
     Healthcare including dental, vision, mental health, and well-being programs  
    
   
  
  
   
    
     Financial well-being programs such as 401(k) and Employee Share Ownership Plan  
     Paid time off and paid holidays  
     Paid parental leave  
     Family building benefits like adoption assistance, surrogacy, and cryopreservation  
     Social well-being benefits like subsidized back-up child/elder care and tutoring  
    
   
  
  
   
    
     Mentoring, coaching and learning programs  
     Employee Resource Groups  
     Disaster Relief  
    
   
   
    About Capgemini Engineering 
    
   
    World leader in engineering and R&D services, Capgemini Engineering combines its broad industry knowledge and cutting-edge technologies in digital and software to support the convergence of the physical and digital
3:worlds.
4:Coupled with the capabilities of the rest of the Group, it helps clients to accelerate their journey towards Intelligent Industry.
5:Capgemini Engineering has more than 55,000 engineer and scientist team members in over 30 countries across sectors including Aeronautics, Space, Defence, Naval, Automotive, Rail, Infrastructure & Transportation, Energy, Utilities & Chemicals, Life Sciences, Communications, Semiconductor & Electronics, Industrial & Consumer, Software & Internet.
6:Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of
7:technology.
8:The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future.
9:It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 360,000 team members in more than 50 countries.
10:With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms.
11:The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion.
12:Get the Future You Want |
13:Capgemini discloses salary range information in compliance with state and local pay transparency
14:obligations.
15:The disclosed range represents the lowest to highest salary we, in good faith, believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting, although we may ultimately pay more or less than the disclosed range and the range may be modified in the future.
16:The disclosed range takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including, but not limited to, geographic location, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, performance, sales or revenue-based metrics, and business or organizational needs.
17:At Capgemini, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role.
18:The base salary range for the tagged location is [$ 65,200 - $138,944 /yr].
19:This role may be eligible for other compensation including variable compensation, bonus, or
20:commission.
21:Full-time regular employees are eligible for paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and any other benefits to eligible employees.
22:Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and
23:determinable.
24:The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, or any other form of compensation that is allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law
 
 
 
   Job description: 
   We are looking for a strong Software Engineer to help one of our Enterprise Clients design, architect and write the documentation for an entire
25:system.
26:This person will code entire software solutions and identify and fix issues within their area of expertise.
27:Key responsibilities: 
   
   Proactively create and review team contributions 
   Participate as a "code owner" and partner with collaborators in
28:code-reviews.
29:Automate unit, integration, and end to end testing solutions and incorporate them with the testing
30:lifecycle.
31:Be able to run your code in pre-production and ensure quality.
32:Deploy your solutions across environments and platforms, including production
33:releases.
34:Provide operational support of your code and all code within your domain.
35:Teardown old solutions, products, and resources when no longer
36:needed.
37:Resolve issues within the team and prevent problems from
38:occurring.
39:Be proactive and identify, resolve, mitigate and prevent technical issues, risks, and provide solutions.
40:Must Haves: 
   
   Experience with Microsoft strongly preferred 
   4-6 years of software engineering experience 
   Computer Science degree or equivalent experience 
   3+ years of experience with C#,
41:core,
42:3+ years of build experience 
   5+ years of experience in CICD tools (Source Control, Build, Deploy) 
   3+ years (GitHub, Jenkins, Spinnaker) 
   3+ years of experience in DevOps deployments
  
   
   
   EEOC 
   Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the
43:workplace.
44:All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
45:This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this
46:position.
47:Physical, mental, sensory, or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed.
48:Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
49:Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant
50:Job Programmer/Analyst
 
 
   Schedule Full-time
 
 
   Primary Location US-WA-Redmond
 
 
   Organization Engineering & R&D Services
0:3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience 
 Experience programming with at least one software programming language 
 For millions of customers worldwide, the Amazon name is synonymous with delivery – and the Delivery Experience (DEX) team provides those customers with innovative ways to get what they want and need, enabling the choices they make on every order, every
1:day.
2:We combine customer impact with retail invention, solving huge technical challenges along the way.
3:The DEX AI Regionalization team is responsible for developing and maintaining highly available, highly scalable, low-latency, Machine Learning based applications as well as building the ML platform with plenty of tools to solve the common pain points and speed up the development of ML solutions in
4:DEX.
5:This is SUPER high-visibility work: MILLIONS of customers will be impacted by your contributions: The changes we make directly impact the customer experience on every Amazon
6:site.
7:This is a great position for someone who likes backend development and Service Oriented Architecture, but wants to see and measure their direct impact on customers, and learns in the Machine Learning domain.
8:As a Software Development Engineer for Delivery Experience, you will be responsible to develop Machine Learning based solution that improve the discoverability of delivery options for all customers, and utilize our current delivery experience
9:architecture.
10:To succeed, the skill to build highly scalable, fault-tolerant systems that can withstand millions of operations per day will not be enough.
11:You will be responsible for projects that require enhancements to multiple systems, including many outside your team's ownership.
12:You’ll need a proven ability to architect elegant solutions to new challenges spanning multiple systems, and to effectively share your technical vision with others.
13:You will be working with multiple teams across the company in many different areas, so collaboration skills are a must.
14:So, if you’re creative, talented, have a strong sense of both technical and business ownership, and enjoy solving complex challenges that have a huge impact on all of Amazon’s customers, we’ve definitely got the role for you!
15:Individuals interested in this position should have practical experience in building high-performance, reliable systems in a complex, multi-tiered, and distributed
16:environment.
17:The ideal candidate will have experience working with Java, C++, Python, or distributed computing technologies on Linux platform.
18:We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Bellevue, WA, USA 

 
 
 3+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations experience 
 Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive
19:workplace.
20:Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
21:For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
22:Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic
23:markets.
24:The base pay for this position ranges from $115,000/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market.
25:Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
26:Amazon is a total compensation company.
27:Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits.
28:For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits.
29:Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.
0:The Artificial Intelligence (AI) Frameworks team at Microsoft develops AI software that enables running AI models everywhere, from world’s fastest AI supercomputers, to servers, desktops, mobile phones, Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and internet
1:browsers.
2:We collaborate with our hardware teams and hardware partners to build the software stacks for novel AI accelerators.
3:We work closely with ML (Machine Learning) researchers and developers to optimize and scale out model training and inference.
4:The team operates at the intersection of AI algorithmic innovation, purpose-built AI hardware, systems, and
5:software.
6:We are a cross-discipline team of highly capable and motivated people with a collaborative and inclusive culture.
7:We collaborate with and contribute to the open-source community.
8:As a Software Engineer II on our team, you will have the opportunity to work on the fundamental abstractions, programming model, compilers, runtimes, libraries, and APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) to enable large scale training and inferencing of models on novel AI
9:hardware.
10:Responsibilities
 
   Apply engineering principles for defining robust and maintainable architectures and
11:designs.
12:Collaborate broadly across multiple disciplines from hardware designers to ML developers.
13:Perform software development in C/C++, Python, and other languages.
14:Qualifications
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
   
    OR equivalent
15:experience.
16:1+ years' experience with C/C++
 
 
 
   Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this
17:role.
18:These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
 
 
  Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years
19:thereafter.
20:Preferred/Additional Qualifications:
 
 
   1+ years’ experience with Python
   A technical background and foundation in software engineering principles and architecture design
   Intellectual curiosity and passion about learning new technologies
   Exposure to Deep Neural Network training and inference and experience in one or more deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow, ONNX,
21:etc.)
22:Cross-team collaboration skills and the desire to collaborate in a team of researchers and developers
 
 
 
   Software Engineering IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the
23:U.S.
24:is USD $94,300 - $182,600 per year.
25:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $120,900 - $198,600 per year.
26:Learn more about base pay ranges and pay equity:
27:#AIPLATFORM#
 
 
   #AIPLATREF#
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity
28:employer.
29:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
30:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
0:Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: 
 Mountain View, CA, USA; Seattle, WA,
1:USA.
2:Minimum qualifications:
  
  Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical
3:experience.
4:8 years of experience in software development, and with data
5:structures/algorithms.
6:5 years of experience testing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and
7:architecture.
8:5 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools
9:(e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning, and/or natural language processing.
10:Preferred qualifications:
  
  Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical
11:field.
12:3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical
13:direction.
14:3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business
15:projects.
16:About the job
   Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one
17:another.
18:Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search.
19:We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day.
20:As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve.
21:We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
22:With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and
23:deliverables.
24:You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.
25:In Google Search, we're reimagining what it means to search for information – any way and
26:anywhere.
27:To do that, we need to solve complex engineering challenges and expand our infrastructure, while maintaining a universally accessible and useful experience that people around the world rely on.
28:In joining the Search team, you'll have an opportunity to make an impact on billions of people globally.
29:The US base salary range for this full-time position is $185,000-$283,000 + bonus + equity + benefits.
30:Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location.
31:The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations.
32:Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
33:Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
34:Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.
35:Learn more about benefits at Google.
36:Responsibilities
   
   Write product or system development
37:code.
38:Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available
39:technologies.
40:Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices
41:(e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
42:Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user
43:feedback.
44:Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and
45:quality.
46:Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action
47:employer.
48:We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
49:We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
50:See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law.
51:If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.
0:Our Company 

 Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all
1:about.
2:We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences!
3:We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
4:We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal
5:opportunity.
6:We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
7:Adobe Research is looking for research scientists working on generative AI models for image and video synthesis to help us build the next generation of creative
8:tools.
9:We are especially looking for experience in video generation.
10:We seek candidates with strong expertise in the field, as evidenced by peer-reviewed academic publications, combined with hands-on industrial research experience.
11:As a Research Scientist at Adobe, you will be joining an outstanding team of researchers building the future of digital
12:experiences.
13:You will have the opportunity to develop novel ideas suitable for academic publication, to mentor interns, and to participate in our university collaboration program.
14:We also work with product teams to implement those ideas as advanced features in Adobe's products and reach millions of people worldwide!
15:Job Responsibilities 

 Conduct innovative research and development in Generative AI 

 Develop and transfer novel technologies to Adobe products 

 Research and develop novel large-scale foundation models in Generative AI 

 Collaborate with extraordinary researchers and engineers to bring research ideas to production 

 Publish and present your work in premier scientific venues in AI/ML or related fields 

 Provide technical mentorship and
16:guidance.
17:What you'll need to succeed
18:Ph.D.
19:in Computer Science, AI/ML or related fields 

 Excellent publication record in Computer Science, AI/ML or related fields 

 Excellent communication skills and a great teammate 

 Experience in state-of-the-art Generative AI technologies, such as GAN and/or diffusion models 

 Strong record of publications in image/video generation and image/video editing 

 Experience with large-scale generative model training 

 
Preferred experience:
 working with large-scale datasets 

 working with product teams on technology transfers 
Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several
20:U.S.
21:geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets.
22:The U.S.
23:pay range for this position is $121,300 -- $238,700 annually.
24:Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
25:Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.
26:At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission
27:plans.
28:Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).
29:In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity
30:award.
31:Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action
32:employer.
33:We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law.
34:Learn more.
35:Adobe aims to make
36:Adobe.com accessible to any and all users.
37:If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536-3015.
38:Adobe values a free and open marketplace for all employees and has policies in place to ensure that we do not enter into illegal agreements with other companies to not recruit or hire each other’s
39:employees.
0:Your Roles and Responsibilities:
 
 
   Design, develop, and maintain Azure-based data solutions using services such as Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks, Azure SQL Database, and Azure Data Lake
1:Storage.
2:Design and implement data pipelines and solutions that leverage Azure Cognitive Services for sentiment analysis, text extraction, image recognition, entity recognition and other AI-powered features.
3:Develop solutions that use languages such as Python and use REST-based APIs and software development kits (SDKs) to build secure image processing, natural language processing (NLP), knowledge mining, and conversational AI solutions on Azure.
4:Implement data integration solutions using Azure Logic Apps, Azure Functions, or other appropriate tools.
5:Collaborate with data scientists and developers to integrate Azure Cognitive Services APIs into data processing workflows and applications.
6:Build and train machine learning models using Azure Machine Learning, ensuring high accuracy and performance.
7:Ensure data governance and compliance standards are met by implementing data classification, masking, and retention policies.
8:Collaborate with infrastructure teams to provision, manage Azure resources & performance test solutions.
9:Stay up to date with the latest trends and technologies in the Azure data engineering space/AI technologies and frameworks, providing recommendations for process improvements.
10:Document data solutions, including system architecture, data flows, and configuration details.
11:Participate in agile development practices, including sprint planning, backlog grooming, and code reviews.
12:Required Qualifications/Skills:
 
 
  
   
     Bachelor’s degree
13:from four-college or university and 12+ years’ related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
   
  
   
     Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results
   
  
   
     Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments
   
  
   
     Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel
   
 
 
 
   Physical Demand & Work Environment:
 
 
  
   
     Must have the ability to perform office-related tasks which may include prolonged sitting or standing
   
  
   
     Must have the ability to move from place to place within an office environment
   
  
   
     Must be able to use a computer
   
  
   
     Must have the ability to communicate effectively
   
  
   
     Some positions may require occasional repetitive motion or movements of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers
   
 
 
 
   Salary Range
14:-
15:USD (Salary)
 
   Please note that the salary information provided herein is base pay only (gross); it does not include other forms of compensation which may or may not apply to this specific position, namely, performance-based bonuses, benefits-related payments, or other general incentives - none of which are guaranteed, may be subject to specific eligibility requirements, and are wholly within the discretion of Astreya to
16:remit.
17:Further, the salary information noted above is a range that consists of a minimum and maximum rate of pay for this specific position.
18:Where an applicant or employee is placed on this range will depend and be contingent on objective, documented work-related considerations like education, experience, certifications, licenses, preferred qualifications, among other factors.
19:Astreya offers comprehensive benefits to all Regular, Full-Time Employees, including:
 
 
  
   
     Medical provided through Cigna (PPO, HSA, EPO options) / Medical provided through Kaiser (HMO option only) for California employees only
   
  
   
     Dental provided through Cigna (DPPO & DHMO options)
   
  
   
     Nationwide Vision provided through VSP
   
  
   
     Flexible Spending Account for Health & Dependent Care
   
  
   
     Pre-Tax Account for Commuter Benefit/Parking & Transit (location-specific)
   
  
   
     Continuing Education and Professional Development via various integrated platforms,
20:e.g.
21:Udemy and Coursera
   
  
   
     Corporate Wellness Program
   
  
   
     Employee Assistance Program
   
  
   
     Wellness Days
   
  
   
     401k Plan
   
  
   
     Basic Life, Accidental Life, Supplemental Life Insurance
   
  
   
     Short Term & Long Term Disability
   
  
   
     Critical Illness, Critical Hospital, and Voluntary Accident Insurance
   
  
   
     Tuition Reimbursement (available 6 months after start date, capped)
   
  
   
     Paid Time Off (accrued and prorated, maximum of 120 hours annually)
   
  
   
     Paid Holidays
   
  
   
     Any other statutory leaves, paid time, or other fringe benefits required under state and federal law
0:Senior Engineer-
1:Software Engineer
  
   072671
  
 
 
 
  
    
    
    Life at Capgemini 
    
   
    Capgemini supports all aspects of your well-being throughout the changing stages of your life and
2:career.
3:For eligible employees, we offer: 
    
   
    
     Flexible work  
     Healthcare including dental, vision, mental health, and well-being programs  
    
   
  
  
   
    
     Financial well-being programs such as 401(k) and Employee Share Ownership Plan  
     Paid time off and paid holidays  
     Paid parental leave  
     Family building benefits like adoption assistance, surrogacy, and cryopreservation  
     Social well-being benefits like subsidized back-up child/elder care and tutoring  
    
   
  
  
   
    
     Mentoring, coaching and learning programs  
     Employee Resource Groups  
     Disaster Relief  
    
   
   
    About Capgemini Engineering 
    
   
    World leader in engineering and R&D services, Capgemini Engineering combines its broad industry knowledge and cutting-edge technologies in digital and software to support the convergence of the physical and digital
4:worlds.
5:Coupled with the capabilities of the rest of the Group, it helps clients to accelerate their journey towards Intelligent Industry.
6:Capgemini Engineering has more than 55,000 engineer and scientist team members in over 30 countries across sectors including Aeronautics, Space, Defence, Naval, Automotive, Rail, Infrastructure & Transportation, Energy, Utilities & Chemicals, Life Sciences, Communications, Semiconductor & Electronics, Industrial & Consumer, Software & Internet.
7:Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of
8:technology.
9:The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future.
10:It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 360,000 team members in more than 50 countries.
11:With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms.
12:The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion.
13:Get the Future You Want |
14:Capgemini discloses salary range information in compliance with state and local pay transparency
15:obligations.
16:The disclosed range represents the lowest to highest salary we, in good faith, believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting, although we may ultimately pay more or less than the disclosed range and the range may be modified in the future.
17:The disclosed range takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including, but not limited to, geographic location, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, performance, sales or revenue-based metrics, and business or organizational needs.
18:At Capgemini, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role.
19:The base salary range for the tagged location is [$ 65,200 - $138,944 /yr].
20:This role may be eligible for other compensation including variable compensation, bonus, or
21:commission.
22:Full-time regular employees are eligible for paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and any other benefits to eligible employees.
23:Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and
24:determinable.
25:The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, or any other form of compensation that is allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law
 
 
 
   Job description: 
   We are looking for a strong Software Engineer to help one of our Enterprise Clients design, architect and write the documentation for an entire
26:system.
27:This person will code entire software solutions and identify and fix issues within their area of expertise.
28:Key responsibilities: 
   
   Proactively create and review team contributions 
   Participate as a "code owner" and partner with collaborators in
29:code-reviews.
30:Automate unit, integration, and end to end testing solutions and incorporate them with the testing
31:lifecycle.
32:Be able to run your code in pre-production and ensure quality.
33:Deploy your solutions across environments and platforms, including production
34:releases.
35:Provide operational support of your code and all code within your domain.
36:Teardown old solutions, products, and resources when no longer
37:needed.
38:Resolve issues within the team and prevent problems from
39:occurring.
40:Be proactive and identify, resolve, mitigate and prevent technical issues, risks, and provide solutions.
41:Must Haves: 
   
   Experience with Microsoft strongly preferred 
   4-6 years of software engineering experience 
   Computer Science degree or equivalent experience 
   3+ years of experience with C#,
42:core,
43:3+ years of build experience 
   5+ years of experience in CICD tools (Source Control, Build, Deploy) 
   3+ years (GitHub, Jenkins, Spinnaker) 
   3+ years of experience in DevOps deployments
  
   
   
   EEOC 
   Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the
44:workplace.
45:All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
46:This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this
47:position.
48:Physical, mental, sensory, or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed.
49:Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
50:Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant
51:Job Programmer/Analyst
 
 
   Schedule Full-time
 
 
   Primary Location US-WA-Redmond
 
 
   Organization Engineering & R&D Services
0:Who is Wyze?
1:Wyze is a high growth, Series B, consumer technology company.
2:Our vision is to make great technology accessible to everyone through our smart home platform.
3:Our aim is to serve everyday people, like me, you, and our friends and families, with too good to be true products and services.
4:We want employees who will be inspired by this and welcome all who will help us build the next amazing chapter at Wyze.
5:Wyze is home to some of the most innovative products and services in the market.
6:Forbes named us in their America’s Best Startup Employers 2023 list, Time Magazine selected us for their 100 Most Influential Companies of 2022, Fast Company named us as one of the Most Innovative Companies in 2021and PCMag gave our Cam v3 an Editor’s Choice Award.
7:We disrupted the market with our Wyze Cam v1 and then quickly took over as a market leader in the space.
8:We recently disrupted it again with our revolutionary Cam Plus Pro service.
9:GeekWire calls us a start-up to watch and one of the Pacific Northwest’s next unicorns…
10:and we are just getting started.
11:Our people centric innovative vision is not only present in our products and services, but it is also embedded in the fabric of our company.
12:We were just listed in the Top 100 Best Places to Workby Built in Seattle, listed as one of their Best Midsize Companies to Work For and awarded as one of their Companies with the Best Benefits.
13:Seattle Business Magazine certified us as a Best Places to Work too!
14:We value the unique life experiences every employee brings to work every day.
15:We are committed to creating an inclusive environment whereby our employees are encouraged to be their authentic whole selves and are rewarded for their impact across the company.
16:Everyone is welcome and empowered to do the best work of their lives.
17:Our stance on workplace flexibility:
For most roles, we support a 100% remote work environment for applicants who reside in the following states: California, Kentucky, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and
18:Washington.
19:*This opportunity is working hybrid, based in the Greater Seattle Metropolitan area.
20:Come join us and make the impossible, possible!
21:Opportunity:
Wyze is actively seeking a Senior AI Engineer to join our forward-thinking AI
22:division.
23:In this role, you'll serve as a bridge between abstract AI concepts and real-world applications, collaborating with AI scientists to realize their advanced algorithms.
24:If you are an experienced engineer with a keen interest in AI and eager to make significant contributions to the rapidly evolving smart home industry, we would love to hear from you.
25:Responsibilities:

 Engage with product managers, software engineers, and data scientists to clearly define project objectives, requirements, and
26:deliverables.
27:Transform complex AI algorithms into fully operational systems that augment Wyze's products and services, in collaboration with AI scientists.
28:Explore, comprehend, and apply state-of-the-art AI methodologies to address challenges in computer vision, natural language processing, and other relevant domains.
29:Architect and build robust, scalable AI systems capable of operating efficiently on devices with limited resources.
30:Provide technical mentorship to junior AI engineers, nurturing their professional growth.
31:Enhance AI systems for superior performance, accuracy, and efficiency, mindful of constraints such as memory, computation, and power utilization.
32:Coordinate with data engineering teams to ensure the readiness and quality of data sets required for AI system development.
33:Participate in code reviews, offering constructive feedback, and ensuring adherence to coding standards and software development best practices.
34:Stay updated with the latest advancements in AI and emerging technologies, fostering an environment of innovation within the team.
35:Document technical specifications, system designs, and implementation details to promote knowledge sharing and maintain a sustainable codebase.
36:Qualifications:

 Bachelor's, Master's, or
37:Ph.D.
38:in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related fields, with a strong emphasis on artificial intelligence or machine learning.
39:Significant hands-on experience in developing AI systems, paired with a comprehensive understanding of machine learning and deep learning concepts.
40:Proficiency in Python and familiarity with AI frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or Keras.
41:Experience with Java or C++ programming languages is good to have, but not mandatory.
42:Familiarity with cloud platforms such as AWS and/or GCP.
43:Demonstrated success in implementing AI concepts in real-world applications, preferably in computer vision or natural language processing.
44:Knowledge of computer vision algorithms, image processing techniques, or NLP models will be a plus.
45:Experience deploying AI systems on devices with limited resources, edge computing, or IoT platforms is desirable.
46:Solid understanding of software engineering principles, software design patterns, and coding best practices.
47:Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, capable of addressing complex technical challenges and proposing innovative solutions.
48:Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to effectively interact with cross-functional stakeholders.
49:Proven leadership skills, capable of spearheading projects, mentoring junior team members, and promoting a culture of continuous learning and improvement.
50:Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
51:-
52:per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 Dental insurance
 Employee discount
 Flexible schedule
 Flexible spending account
 Health insurance
 Health savings account
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Parental leave
 Referral program
 Relocation assistance
 Vision insurance

Schedule:

 Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

 Bonus pay

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Kirkland, WA 98033: Reliably commute or willing to relocate with an employer-provided relocation package (Preferred)

Application Question(s):

 Tell me about your experience in AI or
53:ML?
54:And what kind of impact did you make with your AI or ML
55:work?
56:Work Location: Hybrid remote in Kirkland, WA 98033
0:Microsoft Azure is at the center of Microsoft’s cloud services strategy and the future of
1:Microsoft.
2:Azure brings together virtualization, compute, storage, authentication, authorization, artificial intelligence and machine learning, media and more to enable anyone to bring their business into the cloud.
3:The Azure Security engineering organization focuses on ensuring that Azure is the most secure platform in the world and delivers a secure experience for millions of users worldwide.
4:We are seeking a diligent, insightful, and creative Security Engineer to help discover, diagnose, analyze, quantify, characterize, and drive solutions for the most challenging security problems in Azure through a data-driven, product-driven
5:lens.
6:In this role, you will advance security by working with other Security Engineers, Program and Product Managers, Developers, and business leaders throughout Microsoft to turn individual findings into vulnerability patterns and insights that can be measured and managed through engineering, automation, and other appropriate mitigations.
7:You will help identify the most demanding security problems through original research and data analysis, and help design and deliver practical solutions at scale for select products and services.
8:This role is not confined to any area of technology; rather, you will work up and down the stack, across platforms, operating systems, languages, and frameworks, using your broad security skills to solve problems in unfamiliar domains.
9:Responsibilities
 
   Key responsibilities include:
 
 
   Vulnerability discovery and variant
10:hunting.
11:In partnership with others, you will use and apply the best available and most appropriate methodologies, including threat modeling, penetration testing, security design analysis, fuzzing, SAST and DAST, etc.
12:to discover and identify security problems.
13:You will examine chosen target systems in detail, looking for vulnerabilities and weaknesses, performing variant hunting to identify larger patterns, conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis over those patterns, and driving solutions upstream in a data-driven, shift-left fashion.
14:Solution design and delivery: You will help design solutions for security problems and partner with service teams and other security stakeholders to ensure rapid adoption of solutions and mitigation of threats from beginning to end.
15:Software development: You will prototype and create tools and scanners to automate the discovery and prevention of vulnerabilities across Azure products and services.
16:Follow through and closure.
17:You will partner with engineers, product and program managers, and leaders around the company to ensure the successful completion of work to address your findings.
18:Threat modeling / Architecture reviews: You will review the design of services from a security perspective to identify vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the architecture, make appropriate recommendations, and guide teams to implement those recommendations.
19:We do not expect that any individual knows all the technologies that are in scope for this role, rather we are looking for someone who can quickly translate their technical skills from one domain to another; find, assemble, and inspire the relevant technical experts from across the company; and communicate effectively about technical and business risks to engineering and executive
20:leadership.
21:Qualifications
  Required Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Risk Management, Cyber Security, or related field OR equivalent experience or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
   
     OR equivalent experience
   
   1+ year(s) experience in software development lifecycle, large scale computing, modeling, cyber security, anomaly detection
 
 
  Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this
22:role.
23:These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
24:Preferred Qualifications:
 
   2+ years experience in software development lifecycle, large scale computing, modeling, cyber security, anomaly detection (enterprise experience)
   
     OR Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Risk Management, Cyber Security, or related field
     
       OR equivalent
25:experience.
26:Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certification, Security+ Certification, or relevant
27:certification.
28:Technical understanding of a broad set of technologies and the ability to learn new information
   Demonstrated communication skills, the ability to collaborate within a diverse team, and the ability to work
29:independently.
30:Security domain knowledge and acumen.
31:Software Engineering IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the
32:U.S.
33:is USD $94,300 - $182,600 per year.
34:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $120,900 - $198,600 per year.
35:Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other
36:compensation.
37:Find additional benefits and pay information here:
38:#AzureSecCSS
 
 
   #AzureSecOpen
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity
39:employer.
40:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
41:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
0:We are seeking a talented Front-end Developer with a strong emphasis on graphic design and UX/UI design to join our innovative team in the NLP (Natural Language Processing) space.
1:As a Front-end Developer, you will play a crucial role in creating visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces for our NLP-driven applications.
2:Your expertise in graphic design, user experience, and user interface design will be instrumental in delivering exceptional and intuitive experiences for our users, enabling them to interact seamlessly with our cutting-edge NLP technology.
3:Responsibilities:
4:1.
5:Front-end Development: Collaborate with our cross-functional team to implement and maintain front-end components and user interfaces for NLP-focused applications.
6:2.
7:Graphic Design: Create visually appealing designs for web and mobile applications, ensuring a cohesive and engaging user experience across various platforms.
8:3.
9:UX/UI Design: Work closely with product managers, developers, and data scientists to conceptualize and design user flows, wireframes, and interactive prototypes that align with user needs and business goals.
10:4.
11:Responsive Design: Ensure the responsiveness and adaptability of the user interface across different devices and screen sizes.
12:5.
13:NLP Integration: Collaborate with NLP engineers to integrate language processing functionalities seamlessly into the user interface, providing users with intuitive interactions.
14:6.
15:Performance Optimization: Implement best practices to optimize front-end performance and ensure fast loading times.
16:7.
17:Accessibility: Ensure that the user interface meets accessibility standards, making our products usable for all users.
18:8.
19:User Testing: Conduct usability testing and gather user feedback to make data-driven improvements to the user interface design.
20:9.
21:Continuous Improvement: Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and advancements in front-end development, graphic design, and UX/UI principles to enhance our products continually.
22:Qualifications:
23:1.
24:Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Graphic Design, UX/UI Design, or a related field.
25:A strong portfolio demonstrating graphic design and UI/UX projects is highly desirable.
26:2.
27:Experience: Minimum of 3 years of experience in front-end development with a focus on graphic design and UX/UI design, preferably in the NLP or AI domain.
28:3.
29:Front-end Technologies: Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and front-end frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, or Vue.js).
30:4.
31:Graphic Design Tools: Proficiency in graphic design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, XD, etc.)
32:or Sketch.
33:5.
34:UX/UI Design: Strong understanding of user-centered design principles, user experience, and interaction design.
35:6.
36:NLP Knowledge (Preferred): Familiarity with Natural Language Processing concepts and experience working with NLP-driven applications is advantageous.
37:7.
38:Collaboration: Excellent communication and collaboration skills, able to work effectively with cross-functional teams and stakeholders.
39:8.
40:Problem-Solving: A creative and analytical mindset with a passion for solving design challenges and enhancing user experiences.
41:Join our dynamic team at the forefront of NLP innovation as a Front-end Developer with a focus on graphic design and UX/UI design.
42:Make an impact on the way users interact with NLP-driven applications, ensuring exceptional usability and visual appeal.
43:Apply now to be part of our mission to shape the future of language processing technology.
44:Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

 401(k)
 Dental insurance
 Health insurance
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Vision insurance

Experience level:

 3 years

Schedule:

 8 hour shift

Education:

 Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

 front-end development with a focus on graphic design: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Redmond, WA 98052
0:About HiveHive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative organizations.
1:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
2:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
3:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
4:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
5:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
6:Machine Learning Role
In order to execute our vision, we need to grow our team of best-in-class machine learning
7:engineers.
8:We are looking for developers who are excited about staying at the forefront of deep learning technology, prototyping state-of-the-art neural net models and launching these models into production.
9:We value hard workers who have no qualms working with terabyte-scale datasets, who are interested in learning new technologies at all levels of the machine learning stack, and who move fast and take ownership of their projects.
10:Our ideal candidate has experience creating a working machine learning-powered project from the ground up, contributes innovative ideas and ingenious implementations to the team, and is capable of planning out scalable, maintainable data pipelines.
11:Responsibilities

 Everything involved in applying a ML model to a production use case, including, designing and coding up the neural network, gathering and refining data, training and tuning the model, deploying it at scale with high throughput and uptime, and analyzing the results in the wild in order to continuously update and improve accuracy and speed
 Interface closely with the Backend and DevOps teams as well as with our internal data labeling services
 Utilize OWASP top 10 techniques to secure code from vulnerabilities
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority

Requirements

 You have an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science or similar technical field, with significant coursework in mathematics or statistics
 You have 1-2 years industry machine learning experience
 You have successfully trained and deployed a deep learning machine model (image, NLP, video, or audio) into production, with measurably improved performance over baseline, either in industry or as a personal project
 You have strong experience with a high-level machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe, or Torch, and familiarity with the others
 You know the ins and outs of Python, especially as it applies to the above ML frameworks
 You are capable of quickly coding and prototyping data pipelines involving any combination of Python, Node, bash, and linux command-line tools, especially when applied to large datasets consisting of millions of files
 You have a working knowledge of the following technologies, or are not afraid of picking it up on the fly: C++, Scala/Spark, SQL, Cassandra, Docker
 You are up-to-date on the latest deep neural net research and architectures, both in understanding the theory and motivations behind the techniques, as well as how to implement them in the ML framework of your choice
 You have great communication skills and ability to work with others
 You are a strong team player, with a do-whatever-it-takes attitude

Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI
12:company.
13:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
14:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
15:_Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
16:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
17:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
18:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified
19:Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
20:-
21:per year
Schedule:

 Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person
