0:Company Introduction 
  OneSource Regulatory Technology hosts a number of innovative solutions to enhance job performance in the Pharmaceutical
1:space.
2:OSR Technology is looking for an experienced and dedicated data engineer to join our product solutions team!
3:Job Description 
  OneSource Regulatory is trying to identify a full-time contractor with at least 4+ years of experience to assist us with ongoing R&D
4:projects.
5:We are looking for a data engineer to pull data from various sources and do all the necessary steps to clean, normalize, possibly annotate, and finally load the data into
6:databases.
7:The candidate should be able to develop and implement a strategy for testing the data integrity of the collected data.
8:This role requires extreme attention to detail to ensure data quality is top priority.
9:Responsibilities 
  
  Well versed in parsing and synthesizing of XML and/or JSON
10:documents.
11:Curating of data that can involve some intermediate to advanced web
12:scraping.
13:(data may need to be fetched via SFTP, FTP, Wget, Curl, REST APIs, GraphQL queries from spots on the Internet) 
  Proficiency with Linux command line and various simple tools, such as grep, wc, sed, awk, find, ls, cat, piped commands and possibly some very light Bash shell scripting, setting up crontab schedules and programs 
  Must have basic knowledge of SQL with the following databases: PostGres, MySQL, Google BigQuery 
  Must have basic knowledge of No-SQL database knowledge such as MongoDB or similar 
  Familiarity with basic Cloud technology such as storage buckets, cloud serverless functions 
  Must have experience extracting text and images from PDF files 
  Knowledge of Puppeteer or other automatable web client technologies 
  Understanding JavaScript, HTML/CSS and HTTP methods (for understanding page structure for web scraping)
 
  
 Skills 
  
  Solid experience with Python and Python Libraries such as Pandas, requests, etc 
  Skill set should match up with required responsibilities listed above 
  Strong English skills
14:(e.g.
15:grammatical analysis and rhetorical structure) 
  Team Player 
  Great communication skills
 
  
  
  Bonus Skills 
  
  Experience within the Pharmaceutical Space 
  Ability to expose data via C# NETCore and/or GraphQL 
  Google Cloud Platform (Cloud Buckets, Google Cloud Functions
16:Python,
17:Ability to parallelize data manipulation and scraping via Python multi-threading,
18:etc.
19:Python BeautifulSoup 
  Scrapy 
  Docker (setting up Kubernetes style processing if warranted for data scraping/data ingestion/normalization) 
  Multithreading concepts
