0:Data Engineer
 
  About Us 
  Stanley, a HAVI company, is defined by Creativity, Building and
1:Invention.
2:We are makers of the legendary bottle and box.
3:Driven by purpose, passion and performance.
4:Obsessed with making a difference.
5:And keeping our promises.
6:Proud of our yesterday.
7:And focused on building the team of tomorrow.
8:Position Overview 
  Stanley, a HAVI company, is looking for a Data Engineer to support our current and future data
9:platform.
10:This role will be responsible for ensuring data is available and consumable by business analysts and other key business users.
11:This includes responsibility for the ingestion of source data through CI/CD pipelines.
12:As a member of the Enterprise Data Platform team, you will contribute to projects and initiatives across the enterprise.
13:Key Responsibilities 
 
  Develop end-to-end solutions for ingestion, storage, prepping, and modeling of data
  
 
  Test, audit, maintain and tune existing solutions
  
 
  Implement data structures using data modeling, ELT/ETL processes, and SQL technologies
  
 
  Monitor daily data loads and remedy issues within SLA
  
 
  Update and extend system documentation
  
 
  Regularly interact across functional areas to ensure objectives are met
  
 
  Exercise independent judgment in methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria for obtaining results
 
 
  Who You Are 
 
  Daily interaction with cloud-based data platforms and services
  
 
  Solid understanding of data architecture principles and practices
  
 
  Working knowledge of data warehousing concepts supporting performant access to critical business data
  
 
  Familiarity with tabular modeling to define data relationships and navigation taxonomies
  
 
  Experience with coding languages like SQL, Python and R
 
 
  Education and Experience 
 
  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent related IT-specific experience
  
 
  At least 5 years of Data Engineer experience is required, preferably in a Cloud environment
  
 
  Experience with database query and analysis languages
14:(e.g.
15:T-SQL, PL-SQL, R, SAS, Python) and data visualization tools (e.g.
16:PowerBI, Tableau, D3)
  
 
  Experience working with various data sources
17:(e.g.
18:SQL, Oracle database, flat files, Web API, XML)
  
 
  Experience with cloud warehouse and analytics required; Azure Data Storage and Analytics
19:(e.g.
20:Data Lake, Data Factory, Synapse and Analysis Services)
  
 
  Experience with Oracle EBS preferred
  
 
  Experience with Synapse ML preferred
  
 
  Experience with multi-tenant infrastructure preferred
  
 
  Understanding of manufacturing, supply chain, inventory management and sales operations data and systems preferred
  
 
  Demonstrable ability to communicate, partner and deliver solutions to business customers
  
 
  Puget Sound based
21:only.
22:This is a hybrid role in our Seattle office.
23:We are unable to provide sponsorship for this
24:role.
25:About HAVI: 
  HAVI is a global, privately owned company that connects people with ideas, data with insights, supply with demand, restaurants with deliveries and ultimately, people with the products they
26:love.
27:Whether we are sourcing, storing or delivering products, we bring unmatched category expertise and unrivaled operational excellence, combined with powerful digital analytics and insights.
28:Founded in 1974, HAVI employs more than 10,000 people and serves customers in more than 100 countries.
29:HAVI’s business units include Supply Chain, tms and Stanley.
30:Our portfolio of businesses offers best-in-class sourcing and supply chain capabilities, brand-defining marketing and promotion services and innovative consumer products.
31:For more information, please visit HAVI.com, tmsw.com and stanley1913.com.
