0:Our Opportunity: 
  Chewy is seeking a Senior Data Engineer - Discovery for our Discovery Labs team in Bellevue,
1:WA.
2:In this position, you will help us build scalable, robust data solutions for Discovery at Chewy.
3:You will demonstrate a passion for delivering outstanding customer experience, experience of building scalable solutions and will bring communication skills that allow you to instill trust in the team that you are working with.
4:Millions of pet parents with unique needs visit Chewy.com looking for products for their beloved pets.
5:We have the task to decide what products would be most useful to them and help them discover those products.
6:How do we do this?
7:Meet Personalization team @ Chewy.
8:We use best of machine learning techniques and continuously test the outcomes to simplify product discovery for pet parents looking for their pet needs on Chewy.com.
9:Our exceptional multi-disciplinary team of data scientists, data engineers, software engineers and product managers work together to power personalized recommendations and product discovery for pet parents.
10:Our team has single threaded ownership of the space allowing us to decide impactful products that we can experiment, measure with metrics and deliver at a fast pace.
11:What You'll Do: 
  You love building tools and data pipelines, can create clear and effective reports and data visualizations, and can partner with stakeholders to answer key business
12:questions.
13:You will also have the opportunity to display your skills in the following areas: 
  
  Design, implement, and automate deployment of our distributed system for collecting and processing log events from multiple sources 
  Design data schema and operate internal data warehouses and SQL/NoSQL database systems 
  Write Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) jobs and Spark/Hadoop jobs to calculate business metrics 
  Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards,
14:etc.
15:to drive key business decisions 
  Monitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines 
  Drive architectural plans and implementation for future data storage, reporting, and analytic solutions 
  
  What You'll Need: 
  
  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, related technical field, or equivalent work experience 
  8+ years of Relevant work experience in analytics, data engineering, business intelligence or related
16:field.
17:6+ years Extensive experience in implementing big data processing technology: Hadoop, Apache Spark,
18:etc.
19:6+ years Experience using SQL queries, experience in writing and optimizing SQL queries in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets 
  6+ years Detailed knowledge of data warehouse technical architecture, infrastructure components, ETL and reporting/analytic tools and environments
 
  
  
  Bonus: 
  
  Graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, related technical field 
  Experience in data visualization software (Tableau/Qlikview) or open-source project 
  Strong ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams 
  Demonstrated experience delivering actionable insights for a consumer business 
  Proficiency with search technologies (Elasticsearch and the Elastic stack) 
  Coding proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Python, Ruby, Java, etc) 
  Experience with AWS technologies including Redshift, RDS, S3, EMR 
  
 Compensation & Benefits: 
  The salary range for this position is
20:$107,000-$215,000.
21:The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including but not limited to the candidate’s relevant experience, education, and work location.
22:In addition, this position is eligible for 401k and a new hire and annual equity grant.
23:We offer different types of insurance, such as medical/Rx, vision, dental, life, disability, hospital indemnity, critical illness, and
24:accident.
25:We offer parental leave, family services benefits, backup dependent care, flexible spending accounts, telemedicine, pet adoption reimbursement, employee assistance program, and many discounts including 10% off pet insurance and 20% off at Chewy.com.
26:Non-exempt hourly team members accrue paid time off (PTO) while salaried-exempt team members have unlimited PTO, subject to manager
27:approval.
28:Non-exempt hourly team members in Fulfillment Centers and Customer Service are also eligible for additional unplanned unpaid time off (UTO).
29:Team members will receive six paid holidays per year.
30:Team members may be eligible for paid sick and family leave in compliance with applicable state and local regulations.
31:#LI-Hybrid
 
   Chewy is committed to equal
32:opportunity.
33:We value and embrace diversity and inclusion of all Team Members.
34:If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar law, and you need an accommodation during the application process or to perform these job requirements, or if you need a religious accommodation, please contact CAAR@chewy.com.
35:If you have a question regarding your application, please contact
36:HR@chewy.com.
37:To access Chewy's Customer Privacy Policy, please click
38:here.
39:To access Chewy's California CPRA Job Applicant Privacy Policy, please click here.
