0:System1 is one of the largest customer acquisition companies in the world whose growth depends heavily on a very talented data engineering
1:team.
2:The Data Engineering team at System1 is focused on building frameworks, processes, and automation to ensure smooth running data pipelines and
3:infrastructure.
4:We process billions of records per day, for the benefit of multiple business functions like business intelligence, data science & machine learning, traffic quality and analytics.
5:You would be working in a fast-paced environment where system scalability, reliability, usability, efficiency are the
6:goals.
7:Come join us!
8:The Role You Will Have:
 
   Designing and developing data processing
9:infrastructure.
10:Developing new and improving existing data pipelines, extracting from external API sources or internal events.
11:Developing self-serve data solutions, self-correcting robust ETL pipelines.
12:Continuously improving monitoring and alerting coverage.
13:Self-driving proof of concept for new technologies, new patterns and writing technical specifications for data architecture projects.
14:Identifying scaling bottlenecks and how to prevent them.
15:Performing maintenance of existing infrastructure, investigating issues and failures.
16:Conducting SQL data investigations, and optimizations..
17:Participate in peer code reviews and produce high quality documentation
 
 
  What You Will Bring:
 
   Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer
18:Science/Engineering.
19:Programming proficiency in Python is required.
20:Experience in Cloud ecosystems like AWS is required.
21:GCP, Azure are preferred.
22:SQL expertise, and preferably SQL query optimization experience.
23:Database design skills, both relational and non-relational, SQL and NoSQL.
24:Experience with Cloud data warehouses like BigQuery, Snowflake, Redshift preferred.
25:Modern orchestration platforms such as Airflow.
26:Good data engineering fundamentals, ETL experience and analytics skills required.
27:~Knowledge of data engineering mechanics, flow, distribution, optimization.
28:~Data organization, distribution, latency, observability.
29:~Distributed big data processing and storage systems.
30:Kubernetes, docker, containerization strategies, Linux/UNIX would be good.
31:Experience with Kafka would be a plus.
32:What We Have to Offer:
 
   Competitive salary + bonus + equity
   Generous PTO + 11 company holidays
   Open sick time
   100% covered Medical, Dental, Vision for employees
   401k with match
   Health & Dependent Care Flex Spending Account
   Paid professional development
   Leadership & growth opportunities
   Virtual company and team building events
   #LI-Remote
   #LI-Hybrid
   #BI-Hybrid
   #BI-Remote
   #LI-AW1
 
 
 
   The
33:U.S.
34:base salary range for this full-time position is 
  $116,500 - $186,600 + bonus + equity +
35:benefits.
36:Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location.
37:The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations.
38:Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
39:Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
40:Please note that the compensation details listed in U.S.
41:role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.
42:System1 offers flexible work arrangements for most employees (unless they hold positions which are identified as having to be 100% onsite in Marina del Rey, CA, Bellevue, WA or Guelph, ON
43:Canada).
44:Most System1 full-time employees choose to work in a hybrid environment, splitting their time between working in our offices and working remotely.
45:System1 allows fully-remote work in the following approved locations: Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Hawaii, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia.
46:Prospective U.S.
47:employees who live outside of any of these states will need to establish residency in one of the approved states prior to employment.
