0:Data Engineer - Experience Data Science 16642 - 133578 (H)
  A leading tech company is seeking a Data Engineer - Experience Data
1:Science.
2:The successful candidate will support our data scientists and product teams on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.
3:The ideal is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up and is willing to help out with other team data tasks as needed.
4:The company offers a great work environment!
5:Data Engineer - Experience Data Science Pay and Benefits:
  
   Hourly pay:
6:$30/hr.
7:Worksite: Leading technology and data solutions company (Remote for candidates in the
8:US.
9:Must work PST hours) 
  W2 Employment, Group Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Retirement Savings Program 
  40 hours/week, 9 Month Assignment 
 
  Data Engineer - Experience Data Science Responsibilities: 
 
  Formulate technical requirements, define overarching solution architecture, and document specific tasks for effective, reliable, and GDPR-compliant telemetry data infrastructure built with the company's internal data
10:stack.
11:Defines and guides partner product engineering teams on the technical standards of the telemetry data pipeline, ensuring high quality and consistent delivery from the partner teams, and supporting ease of collaboration and consistency across
12:products.
13:Maintains a deep understanding of multiple internal and external data platforms, technologies, and techniques on which to build data logging, storage, analysis, and modeling solutions, and continues to expand and learn as new capabilities
14:emerge.
15:Identifies and effectively documents new, innovative data techniques and standards to expand the capability and value offerings of the Experience Analytics
16:team.
17:Regularly reviews with the Experience Data Science Lead on team structure, process, technical approach, and effectiveness, and implements improvements as
18:necessary.
19:Collaborate with other teams within the wider C+AI org, and externally, on shared data-related objectives and
20:solutions.
21:Able to help with various one cosmos/Kusto queries as
22:needed.
23:Data Engineer - Experience Data Science Qualifications: 
 
  5-7 years of related work
24:experience.
25:5+ years of industry experience in a data engineering or data solution architect-focused role, ideally within an enterprise-level
26:environment.
27:5+ years of proven experience designing, implementing, and deploying data pipelines - must have proven experience pulling data using Cosmos and/or Kusto and should be able to set up dashboards and telemetry
28:pipelines.
29:5+ years of client-facing experience - candidate must have strong communication skills and should have experience driving projects with teams at various levels of engagement with
30:data/telemetry.
31:Bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering, database systems, mathematics, or of 3+ years of industry experience in a data engineering or data solution architect-focused
32:role.
33:The ability to be self-directed when it comes to exploring and understanding a dataset, especially when it comes to finding and fixing issues in the
34:data.
35:The ability to interact with partners and drive
36:engagement.
37:A large portion of the role will be client-facing so strong communication skills and project management capabilities are a must-have.
38:Clear communication and effective
39:collaboration.
40:Ability to effectively articulate complex concepts and conclusions to
41:non-experts.
42:Prioritizes clean, sustainable, engineering
43:practices.
44:Additional experience (though not required): 
  Project management, collaboration, and organizational skills, guiding product teams to improve data infrastructure 
  Leading or mentoring less experienced engineers or data engineers in partner
45:teams.
46:Data Science, machine learning, statistical models, concepts, and
47:application.
48:Agile development
49:practices.
50:Experience working with product design
51:disciplines.
52:Needs to pull data using Cosmos queries (strong in SQL, C#) and
53:This is a remote
54:position.
