0:Responsibilities
The candidate should be strong in analyzing the business and providing
1:solutions.
2:The candidate will play a critical role in Analyzing the existing applications and building data models using Azure Data Stack(e.g., ADF, ADL, Azure SQL, Azure Analytics, Synapse, etc.), COSMOS, Kusto & Power BI.
3:Responsible for overall design, development, and team coordination on BI systems/applications.
4:Communicate standards, defend technology, scoping decisions to information technology management and development
5:teams.
6:Participate in Business Requirements and Functional Requirements meetings, identify gaps in requirements, and drive discussion around appropriate solutions.
7:Design and code high quality database solutions within a fast-paced monthly release cycle.
8:Manage errors gracefully.
9:Document code and work completed.
10:Conduct thorough unit testing of code and document the unit test cases.
11:Conduct appropriate performance testing to ensure all solutions will meet SLAs and performance criteria.
12:Provide support as needed throughout Test and User Acceptance Testing phases.
13:Create Technical Design Specification documentation that clearly articulates the design and code being implemented.
14:Provide client communication as appropriate to project.
15:Develop new reports and provide technical support for the applications.
16:Strong technical background 1) Kusto 2)Comsos 3) PowerBI 4)PowerShell 5) Sql 6)Azure Data Factory 7) Scope Scripting
 Ability to work independently and as part of a
17:team.
18:Excellent communication skills.
19:Ability to understand business problem and produce solutions.
20:Expert in Advanced Analytics through Python.
21:Preparing data flows and building pipeline using Azure Data stack

Required

 SQL Server 2012 Analysis Services (SSAS);
 Synapse;
 Microsoft SQL Server 2019;
 Microsoft Power BI;
 Cosmos;
 SQL Server Database Administration;
 SQL Server 2012 Development;
 Agile Software Development;
 Business Intelligence(BI)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
22:-
23:per hour
Benefits:

 Dental insurance
 Health insurance
 Vision insurance

Experience level:

 5 years

Schedule:

 8 hour shift

Experience:

 Microsoft SQL Server: 3 years (Preferred)
 Agile: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: In person
