 
 3+ years of data engineering experience 
 Experience with data modeling, warehousing and building ETL pipelines 
 Are you looking for a role that allows you to shape the future of how customers access healthcare and essential medication? At Amazon Pharmacy, we are committed to building the world’s most customer-centric pharmacy experience. We do this by delivering a convenient, shoppable pharmacy experience, allowing customers to compare prices and purchase medications for home delivery, all in one place. Join our team and help create the future of medicine. 

 As a Data Engineer in Pharmacy team, you will partner with Software Engineers, Business Intelligence Engineers and product managers. In close collaboration with the Senior engineers on the team, you will design, implement, and maintain next generation BI solutions for large scale, highly secure and complex data structures to ensure the data is auditable, available and accessible. You will gain a deep understanding of our services and the data they produce, and become our resident expert in how to transform that data into a format that is useful for analytics and business intelligence. You will proactively help to identify new data for integration with our platform, and propose and implement new technologies to help us better understand our data. 

 Key job responsibilities 

 
 Design, implement, maintain and support a secure and robust data lake in native AWS with 300+ datasets which contain both PII and PHI data. 
 Implement ingestion routines both real time and batch using best practices in modeling, ETL/ELT processes by leveraging AWS technologies and big data tools. 
 Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL, Python and AWS big data technologies. 
 Gather business and functional requirements and translate into secure, robust, scalable, operable solutions with a flexible and adaptable architecture. 
 Collaborate with engineers to help adopt best practices in system creation, integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation. 
 Help continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service tools for customers. 
 Explore and learn the latest AWS technologies to provide new capabilities and increase efficiency. 
 We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Seattle, WA, USA 

 
 
 Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, S3, AWS Glue, EMR, Kinesis, FireHose, Lambda, and IAM roles and permissions 
 Experience with non-relational databases / data stores (object storage, document or key-value stores, graph databases, column-family databases) 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 

 Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $105,700/year in our lowest geographic market up to $205,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.