
 Our Opportunity: 
  Chewy’s Data Analytics team has an exciting opportunity for a Data Engineer I to join the pack. Leveraging your strong expertise and background in data engineering and data analysis, you will be a part of a team responsible for operational and tactical reporting generating insights to grow Customer Service operations and planning. This includes building high quality data pipelines that drives analytic solutions and creating data products for analytics and data scientist team members to improve their productivity. Our organization is a fast-paced environment with new challenges and new opportunities each day. You will be responsible for building and implementing data products and technologies which will handle the growing business needs and play a key role in redefining what it means to be a world-class customer service organization 
  What You’ll Do: 
  
  Design, develop, optimize, and maintain data architecture and pipelines using design and programming patterns that follow best-in-class practices and principles. 
 
 
  Manage, maintain, and improve our SSOT tables and data marts, which drive critical business decisions every day. 
 
 
  Work closely with analytics teams and business partners, serving as a trusted partner who can advise, consult, and communicate data solutions. 
 
 
  Mentor and coach other data practitioners on data standards and practices. 
  Lead the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools and process for data engineering to improve overall productivity for the organization. 
 
 
  Partner with leaders, vendors, and other data practitioners across Chewy to develop technical architectures for strategic enterprise projects and initiatives. 
 
 
  Document technical details of work and follow agile sprint methodology, using tools like Jira, Confluence etc 
  
 What You’ll Need: 
  
  Bachelor of Science or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Mathematics or related field 
 
 
  0 - 3 years of enterprise experience as a data engineer and/or software engineer 
  0 - 3 years applying and implementing database and data modeling techniques 
  0 - 3 years working with enterprise data warehouse (ex. Snowflake, Vertica) and cloud environments (ex. AWS) 
  0 - 3 years of experience building data integrations and pipelines from data lake, APIs, relational databases, and third-party systems 
  Strong software development skills in SQL 
  Self-motivated with strong problem-solving and self-learning skills. 
  
 
 Bonus (if applicable): 
  
  Strong working knowledge of Python programming 
  Excellent communication and collaboration skills with ability to influence and guide stakeholders 
 
 
  Experience building dimensional models in data warehouses 
  Experience with data streaming tools and technologies like Kafka, Kinesis, or similar technologies 
 
 
  AWS Developer Certifications 
  E-commerce, Retail or startup experience 
  Experience in BI tools such as Tableau, Plotly, Power BI, etc.
 
  
  
  Compensation & Benefits: 
  Our salary range for a Data Engineer I position is $86,500 - $120,500. The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including but not limited to the candidate’s relevant experience, education, and work location. In addition, this position is eligible for 401k and a new hire and annual equity grant. 
  We offer different types of insurance, such as medical/Rx, vision, dental, life, disability, hospital indemnity, critical illness, and accident. We offer parental leave, family services benefits, backup dependent care, flexible spending accounts, telemedicine, pet adoption reimbursement, employee assistance program, and many discounts including 10% off pet insurance and 20% off at Chewy.com. 
  Non-exempt hourly team members accrue paid time off (PTO) while salaried-exempt team members have unlimited PTO, subject to manager approval. Non-exempt hourly team members in Fulfillment Centers and Customer Service are also eligible for additional unplanned unpaid time off (UTO). Team members will receive six paid holidays per year. Team members may be eligible for paid sick and family leave in compliance with applicable state and local regulations.
 
 
   Chewy is committed to equal opportunity. We value and embrace diversity and inclusion of all Team Members. If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar law, and you need an accommodation during the application process or to perform these job requirements, or if you need a religious accommodation, please contact CAAR@chewy.com.
   
   
   If you have a question regarding your application, please contact HR@chewy.com.
   
   
   To access Chewy's Customer Privacy Policy, please click here. To access Chewy's California CPRA Job Applicant Privacy Policy, please click here.
 
