
 
  Job Summary and Mission
 
  
  
 
 
  This position contributes to Starbucks success by managing the planning and execution of activities of a Data Engineering Team. As a manager in data engineering, you are responsible for managing a team of data engineers through planning, delivery and operations of solutions. This is a hands on technical role. You are also responsible for the evolvement, delivery and support the technology strategy and roadmaps for new and existing applications and platforms. This role requires managerial experience, technical expertise, domain proficiency, platform depth, and leadership. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.
 
  
  
 
   Summary of Key Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
   
 
 
   
  Leadership– Setting goals for the work group, developing organizational capability, and modeling how we work together:
   
 
 
   
  
   Identifies and communicates key responsibilities and practices to ensure the immediate team of direct reports promotes a successful attitude, confidence in leadership, and teamwork to achieve business results. 
   Supports the implementation of company programs to ensure the success of the Company. 
   Accountable for delivery of development and operational efforts of the team by ensuring efforts are staffed, structured, budgeted and prioritized appropriately. 
   Provides technical leadership to the team by introducing technical topics, sponsoring opportunities for innovation and recognizing technical excellence. 
   Coaches and mentors cross functional team members in learning new skills and technologies 
  
 
 
   
  Planning and Execution– Developing strategic and operational plans for the work group, managing execution, and measuring results:
   
 
 
   
  
   Prepares, communicates, and educates client groups and team on changes in policies and practices within the organization. 
   Plans and manages business unit and department processes and practices to ensure that programs are aligned with company business goals and objectives. 
   Collaborates effectively in planning, decomposing, estimating, scheduling, prioritization and resource allocation exercises. Organizes and leads teams through agile methodologies. 
  
 
 
   
  Technical Design and Implementation – Providing technical expertise and executing technical responsibilities:
   
 
 
   
  
   Leads and influences cross functional teams in exploratory efforts with new technologies and solutions that are relevant to the organization. 
   Manages the technical team through the solution design process. Leverages and develops talent on the team through all phases of project efforts, including requirements gathering, assessment and backlog refinement. 
   Shapes and guides systems approach, manages project initiation, technical design and development efforts. 
   Ensures data engineering has appropriate design patterns and coding standards in place. Directs team toward secure, durable, scalable, flexible, and accessible solutions that proactively mitigate against production support issues. 
   Cultivates a test-driven development culture. Ensures application development team establishes standards and requirements for automated test coverage per platform capabilities. Grows and improves platform offering and coverage for continuous build and integration testing. 
  
 
 
   
  Partner Development and Team Building – Providing partners with coaching, feedback, and developmental opportunities, and building effective teams:
   
 
 
   
  
   Provides partners with coaching, feedback and developmental opportunities and builds effective teams.
   Challenges and inspires team members to achieve business results.
   Ensures partners adhere to legal and operational compliance requirements.
   Oversees training and development of partners directly and indirectly managed and makes effective staffing decisions.
   Provides coaching, direction and leadership support to team members in order to achieve partner, business and customer results.
  
 

 
 

 /div>
  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.   We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.   Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
