Job Role	Job Location	Sentence
0:Are you passionate about developing top-notch traffic management solutions for Azure Kubernetes Service
1:customers?
2:If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you!
3:Our traffic team at Azure Kubernetes Service is at the forefront of innovation, leveraging cutting-edge technologies to deliver exceptional traffic management solutions to Azure customers.
4:As a Senior Software Engineer on the Azure Kubernetes Service team, you will have the chance to work across various layers of the technology
5:stack.
6:From enhancing the user experience for our customers to building scalable distributed cloud services that handle traffic from customers to Azure Kubernetes Service, your responsibilities will span the entire spectrum.
7:You will be involved in designing and implementing solutions that cater to global services operating at a massive scale.
8:Collaboration is at the heart of our team, and you will work alongside a diverse group of individuals who embrace challenges, value continuous learning, and thrive in a collaborative environment.
9:Additionally, this role offers mentorship opportunities, career growth prospects, and involvement in high-impact areas of the business.
10:Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve
11:more.
12:As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals.
13:Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.
14:Responsibilities
 
   Partners with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a set of
15:scenarios.
16:Leads identification of dependencies and the development of design documents for a product, application, service, or platform.
17:Leads by example and mentors others to produce extensible and maintainable code used across products.
18:Build scalable systems and services for managing traffic in and out of Azure Kubernetes Service.
19:Proactively seeks new knowledge and adapts to new trends, technical solutions, and patterns that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale and shares knowledge with other engineers.
20:Gain a working understanding of Microsoft businesses and collaborate with mentors and leaders to contribute to cohesive, end-to-end experiences for our users.
21:Qualifications
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java or Go
   
     OR equivalent
22:experience.
23:2+ years of experience with open-source projects, Kubernetes, Linux and
24:containers.
25:2+ years of experience with network traffic management related projects.
26:Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this
27:role.
28:These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
29:Preferred/Additional Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 8+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java or Go 
   
    OR Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 6+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java or Go
     OR equivalent
30:experience.
31:Experience with Istio, consul, envoy or equivalent
   Experience in building and owning large scale high performance infrastructure powering distributed
32:systems.
33:Ability to engage in site-reliability engineering practices.
34:Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the
35:U.S.
36:is USD $112,000 - $218,400 per year.
37:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $145,800 - $238,600 per year.
38:Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other
39:compensation.
40:Find additional benefits and pay information here:
41:#azurecorejobs
 
  
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity
42:employer.
43:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
44:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
0:Company Description
  Achieve is a leading digital personal finance
1:company.
2:We help everyday people move from struggling to thriving by providing innovative, personalized financial solutions.
3:By leveraging proprietary data and analytics, our solutions are tailored for each step of our member's financial journey to include personal loans, home equity loans, debt consolidation, financial tools and education.
4:Every day, we get to help our members move their finances forward with care, compassion, and empathetic touch.
5:We put people first and treat them like humans, not account numbers.
6:Job Description
  As a Senior Engineer, you’ll impact the lives of everyday people and help them go from surviving to thriving with innovative digital personal finance
7:solutions.
8:You will have the opportunity to make a significant impact on our organization by ensuring the availability, scalability, and reliability of our systems and infrastructure.
9:Your main focus will be on utilizing Datadog for monitoring and optimization, while also collaborating with cross-functional teams to enhance system performance through automation and infrastructure improvements.
10:To excel in this role you will have expertise in APM tools (preferably Datadog), strong programming and scripting skills, proficiency in cloud platforms and containerization technologies, as well as excellent problem-solving, communication, and collaboration abilities.
11:Preferred qualifications include certifications in Datadog, experience with infrastructure-as-code tools, and familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and related tools.
12:This is a remote position from within the United States only.
13:No contract/1099/C2C.
14:Join Achieve, change the future
  At Achieve, we’re changing millions of
15:lives.
16:From the single parent trying to catch up on bills to the entrepreneur needing a loan for the next phase of growth, you’ll get to be a part of their journey to a better financial future.
17:We’re proud to have over 3,000 employees in mostly hybrid and 100% remote roles across the United States with hubs in Arizona, California, and Texas.
18:We are strategically growing our teams with more remote, work-from-home opportunities every day to better serve our members.
19:A career at Achieve is more than a job—it’s a place where you can make a true impact, have a sense of belonging, establish a fulfilling career, and put your well-being first.
20:Qualifications
  What you’ll do:
 
   Utilize your expertise in any APM tools (Datadog preferred) to develop and maintain an effective monitoring and observability framework for our systems and
21:applications.
22:Design and implement custom dashboards, alerts, and anomaly detection mechanisms to proactively identify and resolve performance bottlenecks, security vulnerabilities, and other issues.
23:Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, operations, and DevOps, to enhance system reliability and performance through automation and infrastructure improvements.
24:Continuously analyze system metrics, logs, and other relevant data to identify areas for optimization, capacity planning, and performance tuning.
25:Participate in incident response, root cause analysis, and post-mortem activities to ensure timely resolution of incidents and the implementation of preventative measures.
26:Stay up-to-date with industry best practices and emerging technologies related to site reliability engineering, monitoring, and observability tools.
27:Mentor and provide guidance to junior members of the SRE team, fostering their growth and helping them develop their skills.
28:What you’ll bring:
 
   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent practical
29:experience).
30:Proven experience as a Site Reliability Engineer, with a focus on building and maintaining highly available and scalable systems.
31:In-depth knowledge and hands-on experience with APM (Datadog preferred), including creating custom dashboards, configuring alerts, and utilizing Datadog's APM and log management capabilities.
32:Strong programming and scripting skills (Python, Bash, or similar)
   Proficiency in cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, or Azure) and containerization technologies (Docker,
33:Kubernetes).
34:Solid understanding of networking concepts, distributed systems, and troubleshooting methodologies.
35:Experience with incident management, incident response, and on-call rotations.
36:Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
37:Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to effectively work with cross-functional teams.
38:Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and familiarity with tools such as Bitbucket, Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD, or CircleCI.
39:Additional Information
  Achieve well-being with:
 
   Hybrid and remote work opportunities
   401 (k) with employer match
   Medical, dental, and vision with HSA and FSA
   Competitive vacation and sick time off, as well as dedicated volunteer days
   Access to wellness support through Employee Assistance Program, Talkspace, and fitness discounts
   Up to $5,250 paid back to you on eligible education expenses
   Pet care discounts for your furry family members
   Financial support in times of hardship with our Achieve Care Fund
   A safe place to connect with other employees through our six employee resource groups
 
  We are proudly offering hybrid options in the Phoenix, AZ metro market as well in San Mateo,
40:CA.
41:In other locations throughout the country we offer work from home in the following states:
  Salary Range: $120,000 to $140,000 annually + bonus +
42:benefits.
43:This information represents the expected salary range for this role.
44:Should we decide to make an offer for employment, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.
45:Attention Agencies & Search Firms: We do not accept unsolicited candidate resumes or profiles.
46:Please do not reach out to anyone within Achieve to market your services or candidates.
47:All inquiries should be directed to Talent Acquisition only.
48:We reserve the right to hire any candidates sent unsolicited and will not pay any fees without a contract signed by Achieve’s Talent Acquisition leader.
0:About Us
  Planet DDS is the leading provider of cloud-enabled dental software solutions serving over 10,000 practices in North America with over 60,000
1:users.
2:The company delivers a complete platform of solutions for dental practices including Denticon Practice Management, Apteryx XVWeb Digital Imaging, and Legwork Patient Relationship Management.
3:Planet DDS is committed to creating value for its dental practice clients by solving the most urgent challenges facing today’s dental practices in North America
  Overview
  To be successful, you will need to be self-motivated, a critical thinker, be able to take high-level direction, communicate clearly, gain consensus, and drive to completion in a very fast paced
4:environment.
5:You do not shy away from learning something new or experimenting with technologies to find the right solution.
6:You are a friendly, hard-working and positive person with a true passion for solving problems with technology and will fit in well with our dynamic team.
7:This role is hybrid working 1-2x per week out of one of our offices: Phoenix, AZ, Newport Beach, CA or Seattle, WA.
8:Responsibilities & Duties
  Develop:
 
   Infrastructure as Code
9:(IaC).
10:Automated responses to alerts.
11:Observability enhancements including, dashboards, metrics, alerting
 
  Architectures and patterns for:
 
   Reducing MTTA, MTTR and incident
12:volume.
13:Reducing and eliminating toil.
14:Improving the performance and reliability of cloud-based products and services before production release.
15:Optimize & manage:
 
   Measuring and monitoring availability, latency, and overall system health across all Planet DDS product
16:lines.
17:Performance, scalability, and reliability tuning.
18:Observability cost optimization.
19:Security detection, response and hardening.
20:Support
   Leads all aspects of incident management including post-mortem / root cause
21:analysis.
22:Enables effective and efficient troubleshooting, remediation of application and cloud platform issues.
23:Support operations & engineering teams on Azure, GCP and AWS.
24:Training & mentoring for peers and less experienced engineers.
25:Production environments with on-call support rotations.
26:Advocacy
 
 
   DevOps culture & automation, architectural & security standards
   Assess and raise risks across the Planet DDS solution
 
  Partnership with:
 
   Internal engineering, architecture and operations teams to understand their requirements
 
 
   External teams to support their work and ensure compliance with our standards
 
 
   Participate in our Agile processes
   Other duties as assigned
 
  Qualifications
 
   Solid understanding of Reliability concepts to ensure high performance and high service
27:availability.
28:Solid understanding of Observability across multiple cloud and on-premise environments using tools like DataDog, NewRelic, CloudWatch and Azure Monitor.
29:Solid understanding of Production operations including 24x7 on-call support, incident management, RCA and postmortem analysis.
30:Solid understanding of infrastructure management across multiple cloud and on premise environments using tools such as Terraform, Bicep, PowerShell, Ansible, Chef and AWS Systems Manager.
31:8 or more years in hands on technical roles (such as site reliability engineer, software engineer, DevOps engineer, infrastructure engineer)
   2 or more years leading an SRE team, building, deploying and operating web
32:apps.
33:C#,
34:Core and SQL coding is desired
   Troubleshooting Azure PaaS issues, especially for App Services, Azure Functions, Azure Logic Apps, Azure SQL, Azure Storage, Application Insights, Azure Redis, VNets and Azure App
35:Gateway.
36:Multi Cloud experience is high desirable including GCP and AWS
 
 
   Security is part of everything we do and will require your knowledge of fundamental cloud security
37:(e.g., identity and access management, firewalls, etc.)
38:Deep understanding of logging and monitoring and security best practices
   Strong collaboration and communication skills
   Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant major or equivalent years of experience
 
  Any of the following would be a plus:
 
   Dental industry knowledge
   Azure DevOps Expert or Solutions Architect Expert certification
   Experience working in B2B SaaS companies
   Experience with cloud containers, specifically Kubernetes
 
  About You
 
   You respect and share our values
   You love working with teams of smart and driven people to solve challenging problems
   You can talk about complex software systems and have ideas on how to build quality, performant, and easily supportable software most effectively
   You exhibit dogged determination to get to the root of problems
   You care about best-practices and evangelizing them with the team
 
 
   You like to research and propose new techniques and methodologies to improve quality and efficiency of our software
   You can clearly convey your thoughts, enjoy presenting what you’ve done, and can cater your message to audiences both technical and non-technical
 
  Behavior and Scope
 
   You raise issues early when you see obstacles to achieving a goal and work to find
39:solutions.
40:You volunteer to get involved in the solution even if it is beyond your own team or
41:role.
42:You evangelize good practices both on and off your team.
43:You actively help solve cross-team issues by assisting other teams.
44:You speak up on broader issues in the domain beyond your own work, such as processes, company issues or large projects.
45:You guide the team in designing major components of systems and products.
46:You lead the design and development of large and critical areas of Azure
47:infrastructure.
48:You are able to reason about the purpose of each component in a system and how they interact with each other to support the product.
49:You propose and advocate for significant new features and actively affect change.
50:You rarely require guidance to complete complex work to achieve success.
51:You often lead and guide other team members.
52:You actively mentor others and seek
53:accountability.
54:Planet DDS Core Values 
 Collaborative
  Working independently and across teams, we create scalable solutions to enable company
55:growth.
56:Empathetic
  We are educated on the experience of our customers and feel vested in their
57:success.
58:Accountable
  We feel ownership for the quality of our work and take pride in the positive
59:outcomes.
60:Trustworthy
  We operate with integrity and honesty, making promises we know that we can
61:keep.
62:Ambitious
  We are driven by our ability to make a long-term, positive impact on the lives of dental market
63:leaders.
64:1frjHhutvt
0:Interested in a start-up like
1:environment?
2:Passionate about Cloud Computing technology and driving growth and maturity for a very visible and ambitious program?
3:Does working on industry leading technology drive your reliability engineering curiosity?
4:Then the Azure Specialized team is the right place for you.
5:We are searching for a motivated Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) to help drive Azure special
6:projects.
7:In this role, you will help Microsoft become a world leader at running and operating mission-critical workloads, running on dedicated hardware.
8:We’re an agile and nimble team in Azure focused on bringing the state of the art of mission-critical software into Microsoft and providing bare-metal machines in the Azure Cloud.
9:Come join us!
10:Customers around the world depend on us to run their mission critical workload and place their trust in us to deliver the services they
11:need.
12:In order to make this work for our growing customer base, we need continual effort to make Azure highly reliable.
13:Join a growing team, owning the system reliability of Azure Specialized.
14:Our team, represents a deep investment in improving the availability, reliability, operational efficiency of our systems and services.
15:Our SRE team in Azure Specialized partners with other product engineering teams, and you will work closely with engineers, operations to ensure mission critical systems continue to work optimally for our
16:customers.
17:Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve
18:more.
19:As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals.
20:Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.
21:Responsibilities
 
 
   Technical Knowledge and Domain-Specific Expertise
 
 
 
   Develops a foundational understanding of distributed systems design, interactions between cloud technology layers and components, basic dependencies at scale, and the code that defines
22:infrastructures.
23:Can contribute to the code base the defines components or features of systems or cloud technologies to improve the reliability and operability of supported products, with direction with other engineers.
24:Develops an understanding of the code, features, and operations of specific products at scale as required to contribute to incremental improvements in product availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and/or performance; participates in on-boarding, code/design reviews, and regular meetings with the engineering teams that develop and/or manage those products.
25:Contributions to Development and Design
 
 
   Develops and tests basic changes to optimize code and improve the observability, reliability and operability of a defined range of platform, system, or product components or features with direction from other
26:engineers.
27:Supports ongoing engagements with product engineering teams by participating in code/design reviews, regular meetings, on-call rotations, and incident responses throughout product development and operations cycles; draws insights from engagements with product engineering teams and basic analyses of telemetry data to propose potential improvements to code and designs for a defined set of product components or features with guidance from other engineers.
28:Driving Operational Excellence
 
 
   Implements simple configuration and data changes across a predefined range of product components or features with guidance from other engineers to develop an understanding of how configurations, binaries, and data can be managed using code, tooling, and
29:automation.
30:Develops an understanding of how to safely and reliably manage changes in production by using existing tools and automation to enable product engineering teams implement changes across a defined range of components or features, with direction from other engineers.
31:Uses existing tools to troubleshoot problems or flaws affecting the availability, reliability, performance, and/or efficiency of components or features with guidance from other engineers.
32:Suggests potential solutions to resolve and prevent recurring issues and brings them to the attention of other engineers or team leads.
33:Responds to incidents during regular on-call rotations by identifying the level of impact, troubleshooting basic issues, and deploying appropriate fixes to resolve root cause(s); alerts product teams or owners to major customer impacting issues and escalates the resolution of complex issues and/or those affecting multiple components or features to other engineers as needed.
34:Shares details related to incidents and their resolution through post-mortem reports and during regular review meetings.
35:Develops an understanding of key learnings, insights, and best practices that can be applied to improve system, platform, and/or product development and operations by participating in code/design reviews, incident drills and debriefs, and regular meetings, as well interactions with more experienced Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) and members of product engineering teams.
36:Qualifications
 
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications
 
 
   3+ years technical experience in software engineering, network engineering, or systems administration
   
     OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related
37:field.
38:2+years of industry experience using any of the following programming languages: C# OR Python OR Java OR C++, OR GO
 
 
 
   Other Requirements:
 
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this
39:role.
40:These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:
 
 
 
   Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years
41:thereafter.
42:Additional or Preferred Qualifications
 
 
   4+ years technical experience in software engineering, network engineering, or systems administration
   
     OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 1+ year(s) technical experience in software engineering, network engineering, or systems administration
     OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related
43:field.
44:Site Reliability Engineering IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the
45:U.S.
46:is USD $76,400 - $151,800 per year.
47:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $100,300 - $165,400 per year.
48:Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other
49:compensation.
50:Find additional benefits and pay information here:
51:#azurecore
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity
52:employer.
53:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
54:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
0:Who We Are?
1:Anker Innovations is a global leader in smart charging technologies and a developer of consumer products for the home,car, and mobile life Founded in 2011 by Steven Yang, Anker quickly established itself as an innovator and market leader in intelligent charging solutions.
2:Anker Innovations is committed to shaping the consumer electronics brand in the global marketplace, bringing innovative, technologically savvy leading products to consumers around the world.The products have sold to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, with more than 100 million users.
3:Since established, Anker Innovations has continued to lead the way in terms of revenue scale and growth rate.In 2020, Anker Innovations sold more than 50 million pieces products worldwide with a revenue of 1433 million USD, up 40.54% over the same period of time as compared to the previous year.
4:Anker Innovations has successfully built Anker, a world-renowned high-end innovative charging brand, and launched intelligent hardware brands such as Eufy, Nebula, and Soundcore to further explore smart charging, smart voice, smart home and other fields, bringing leading products with technological charm to the market.
5:At Anker, 1010 out of 2144 employees are engaged in research and development，and the proportion of R&D personnel up to 50%.
6:We are engaged in the world's leading research and development of charging, audio, home appliances, automotive, projection and other product technologies, with more than 1478 intellectual property rights, to ensure that our products continue to be popular.
7:For more info，pls visit
8:Job summary
Join us on the US SR team at Anker, We are hiring for experienced Site Reliability Engineers to
build native data cloud center of highly reliable, largely scaled, and based on micro-service infrastructures in the
9:US.
10:What You’ll Do?
11:Cooperate with the SREs of China and maintain AWS cloud resources, including deployment, troubleshooting, software update, data query,
12:etc.
13:Improve operational processes, such as deployments and upgrades, to make them as standardized as possible.
14:Improve the alarm monitoring, maintain the operation of business and emergency response.
15:Responsible for maintenance of localized data and routine drill of operation.
16:Maintain services by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.
17:Support programmers, testers and other team members to deal with technical issues.
18:Basic Qulifications

 Bachelor's degree majoring in CS, or related field with at least 1 year of related work
19:experience.
20:Experience in SRE of large-scale systems deployment with high reliability and scalability.
21:In-depth understanding of virtualization technology, familiar with docker, Docker-compose, Kubernetes, etc.
22:Familiar with programming language of Python and Golang, Familiar with Shell script.
23:Proficient in using monitor system, such as Zabbix, Grafana or Prometheus.
24:Understanding CI/CD and have practical experience in DevOps.
25:Familiar with common log collection schemes (e.g.
26:collection and display of EKS business logs and container logs).
27:Preferred Qulifications

 Good understanding of IT security
 Distributed systems knowledge
 Analytical problem-solving skills
 Ability to speak Chinese is
28:preferred.
29:Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
30:-
31:per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 401(k) matching
 Dental insurance
 Employee discount
 Flexible schedule
 Health insurance
 Paid time off
 Vision insurance

Schedule:

 8 hour shift

Experience:

 Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
 AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
 Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: In person
0:At F5, we strive to bring a better digital world to
1:life.
2:Our teams empower organizations across the globe to create, secure, and run applications that enhance how we experience our evolving digital world.
3:We are passionate about cybersecurity, from protecting consumers from fraud to enabling companies to focus on innovation.
4:Everything we do centers around
5:people.
6:That means we obsess over how to make the lives of our customers, and their customers, better.
7:And it means we prioritize a diverse F5 community where each individual can thrive.
8:Why do you want to join our
9:team?
10:At F5, we strive to bring a better digital world to
11:life.
12:Our teams empower organizations across the globe to create, secure, and run applications that enhance how we experience our evolving digital world.
13:We are passionate about cybersecurity, from protecting consumers from fraud to enabling companies to focus on innovation.
14:Everything we do centers around
15:people.
16:That means we obsess over how to make the lives of our customers, and their customers, better.
17:And it means we prioritize a diverse F5 community where each individual can thrive.
18:Position Summary
 
 
   Software engineering is a core discipline at F5 for many
19:roles.
20:As a software engineer specializing in site reliability, you will bring a software engineering and automated solution mindset to your work.
21:The Site Reliability Engineer III will be responsible for ensuring the reliability, availability, and scalability of critical systems and SaaS platforms.
22:Systems under the care of an SRE III must operate effectively and reliably through scalable builds and deployments, frequent releases, and complex architectures that encompass modern technologies.
23:You will work closely with technical and non-technical teams throughout the organization to facilitate the design and implementation of scalable solutions, drive automation initiatives, and monitor and maintain the performance of critical systems.
24:What You’ll Do
 
 
  
   
     Apply modern engineering principles and practices to operational functions and employ this methodology throughout the full system lifecycle; from initial concept and architecture through deployment, daily operation, and overall optimization, and apply these practices to refining existing
25:systems.
26:Support and maintain technology systems to ensure optimal performance, reliability, and
27:security.
28:Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms such as automation and evolve systems by fostering changes that improve
29:velocity.
30:Troubleshoot and resolve complex issues, including systems failures, connectivity problems, and performance
31:bottlenecks.
32:Partner with cross-functional teams to design and implement scalable and robust system architecture to improve services on an ongoing basis
   
  
   
     Investigate various open source and proprietary technologies, components, libraries, tools
33:etc.
34:and help build a highly available, highly scalable and easily manageable system
   
  
   
     Apply observability and data skills to proactively measure system performance, diagnosing services/needs and quickly identify
35:solutions.
36:Participate in service operation and RCA activities and assist with defining SLOs and SLIs for business stakeholders
   
  
   
     Implement and enforce security best practices to protect our systems, data, and infrastructure against unauthorized access, cyber threats, and
37:vulnerabilities.
38:Create and maintain comprehensive knowledge bases for system documentation, including standard operating procedures, configurations, and troubleshooting guides, to support end-users' ability to use the systems
39:effectively.
40:Participate in on-call
41:rotation.
42:Responsible for upholding F5’s Business Code of Ethics and for promptly reporting violations of the Code or other company
43:policies.
44:Performs other related duties as
45:assigned.
46:The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job.
47:However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.
48:What You’ll Bring
 
 
  
   
     A code-first approach to managing resources in cloud platforms, SaaS platforms, containerization, and orchestration
   
  
   
     Proficiency in Agile delivery, DevOps principles and associated tools and technologies like Azure ADO Pipelines
   
  
   
     Knowledge in technology systems including infrastructure or SaaS platforms like Azure, O365
   
  
   
     Experience with infrastructure-as-code frameworks such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible, Puppet, or PowerShell DSC
   
  
   
     Expert level proficiency with a scripting language such as PowerShell, Python, Bash, or Go
   
  
   
     Knowledge in full stack development on Azure services
   
  
   
     Familiarity with SLI/SLO and observability/monitoring
   
  
   
     Knowledge with identity platforms such as OKTA or SailPoint
   
  
   
     Familiarity with security and identity protocols like SAML, OIDC, OAuth
   
  
   
     Experience building resilient automated infrastructure solutions
   
  
   
     Familiarity with compliance and regulatory guidelines
   
  
   
     Solid understanding of cybersecurity principles and best
49:practices.
50:Demonstrated ability to work both independently and as an integral member of an agile team
   
  
   
     Experience with observability tooling including logging infrastructure, time series metrics databases, tracing systems, alert definitions,
51:etc.
52:Proficient communication, planning, problem solving, trouble shooting, and organization skills
   
  
   
     Flexibility to adapt to changing project requirements and timelines Qualifications
   
 
 
 
   Job Description
 
 
  
   
     BS/BA or equivalent work experience
   
  
   
     5+ years' experience as a software engineer specializing in site reliability similar role in a technology
53:environment.
54:Technical confidence and familiarity with DevOps
55:tools.
56:Strong proficiency in scripting and/or programming
57:languages.
58:Hands on experience with technology systems tools, protocols, and
59:platforms.
60:Our Values
 
 
   At F5, we live and breathe our core values, Excellence, Integrity, Collaboration, Customer Dedication, Profitable Growth, Innovation, Employee Success, and
61:Diversity.
62:We help each other achieve our goals, value the diversity of ideas different backgrounds can bring, emphasize teamwork over rock-stars, work hard and most of all have fun.
63:We offer 
  
   work/life integration programs
   like Freedom to Flex, dynamic employee inclusion groups, paid maternity/paternity leave, tuition assistance for professional development, a comprehensive mentoring program, rewards/recognition, and so much
64:more.
65:At F5, we truly do help each other thrive and it shows: F5 has been named one of the “World’s Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine for the past two years.
66:And this dedication to living our culture doesn’t just exist within our offices; it extends into our communities through 
  
   Global Good initiatives
   such as employee matching, volunteer opportunities, and the F5
67:Foundation.
68:Our employees are passionate about making a difference in the world.
69:This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to become part of a company that’s on the forefront of
70:transformation.
71:And because we know that a more diverse F5 is a more powerful F5, we’re looking for smart, passionate, determined individuals to join us.
72:If you make thoughtful decisions quickly, obsess over your customers’ needs, take ownership of your work (the mistakes as well as the successes), and embrace different perspectives by putting the human first, then we want to talk to you.
73:The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the
74:job.
75:However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.
76:The annual
77:U.S.
78:base pay range for this position is:
79:-
80:F5 maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, geographic locations, and market conditions, as well as to reflect F5’s differing products, industries, and lines of
81:business.
82:The pay range referenced is as of the time of the job posting and is subject to change.
83:You may also be offered incentive compensation, bonus, restricted stock units, and
84:benefits.
85:More details about F5’s benefits can be found at the following link:
86:.
87:F5 reserves the right to change or terminate any benefit plan without notice.
88:Please note that F5 only contacts candidates through F5 email address (ending with
89:@f5.com) or auto email notification from Yello/Workday (ending with f5.com or @myworkday.com).
90:Equal Employment Opportunity
 
 
 
   It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal
91:laws.
92:This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.
93:F5 offers a variety of reasonable accommodations for candidates.
94:Requesting an accommodation is completely voluntary.
95:F5 will assess the need for accommodations in the application process separately from those that may be needed to perform the job.
96:Request by contacting
97:.
0:Production Engineers at Facebook are hybrid software/systems engineers who ensure that Facebook's services run smoothly and have the capacity for future
1:growth.
2:They are embedded in every one of Facebook's product and infrastructure teams and are core participants in every significant engineering effort underway in the company.Our team is comprised of varying levels of experience and backgrounds, from new grads to industry veterans.
3:Relevant industry experience is important (Site Reliability Engineer (SRE), Systems Engineer, Software Engineer, DevOps Engineer, Network Engineer, Systems Administrator, Linux Administrator, Database Administrator or similar role), but ultimately less so than your demonstrated abilities and attitude.
4:We sail into uncharted waters every day at Facebook in Production Engineering, and we are always learning.This position is full-time.
5:Production Engineer Responsibilities:  
 
  Own back-end services like our Hadoop data warehouses, front-end services like Messenger and Newsfeed, infrastructure components like our Memcache infrastructure, and everything in between
   Write and review code, develop documentation and capacity plans, and debug the hardest problems, live, on some of the largest and most complex systems in the world
   Together with your engineering team, you will share an on-call rotation and be an escalation contact for service incidents
   Partner alongside the best engineers in the industry on the coolest stuff around, the code and systems you work on will be in production and used by billions of users all around the world
 
  
  
  
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
   Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical
6:experience.
7:Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta.
8:Engineering degree, or a related technical discipline, or equivalent work experience
   4+ years experience with operating systems and TCP/IP network fundamentals
   4+ years experience coding in higher-level languages
9:PHP, Python, C++, or Java)
   4+ years experience in configuration and maintenance of applications such as web servers, load balancers, relational databases, storage systems and messaging systems
   4+ years experience learning software, frameworks and APIs
 
  
  
  
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
   BS or MS in Computer Science
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action
10:employer.
11:We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
12:You may view our Equal Employment Opportunity notice here.
13:We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
14:We may use your information to maintain the safety and security of Meta, its employees, and others as required or permitted by law.
15:You may view Meta's Pay Transparency Policy, Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law notice, and Notice to Applicants for Employment and Employees by clicking on their corresponding links.
16:Additionally, Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law
0:Summary 
    
     
      Posted: Jun 22, 2023
      
     
      Weekly Hours: 
      40
      
     
      Role Number:
      200487512
      
    
    
     Do you love engineering and running systems and infrastructure that will delight millions of
1:customers?
2:Imagine what you could do here.
3:At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly!
4:Bring passion and dedication to your job, and there’s no telling what you could accomplish.
5:The iWork SRE team is looking for a Service Reliability Engineer (SRE) to design, build tools and support our large-scale content system for iCloud.
6:The best candidates will have proven software development skills and strong Linux / Systems expertise, understand SRE, and know what it will take to run services at Apple scale with high operational precision.
7:We play a critical role in the day-to-day operations of services relied upon across Apple while partnering with engineering teams to ensure we, and they are successful!
8:Key Qualifications 
     
     
      
       
        3+ years in a Site Reliability Engineering, DevOps, or Infrastructure focused role 
        Experience supporting internet-facing production services and distributed systems 
        Ability to implement and coordinate telemetry using monitoring and observability tools such as Splunk, Grafana, and Prometheus 
        Strong verbal and written communication skills 
        Coding experience using a high-level programming language like Java, Golang, or Python 
        Automation advocate - you truly believe in removing operational load via software 
        A strong sense of
9:ownership.
10:At the same time, you’re a great teammate who communicates clearly and transparently - Self-motivated, inquisitive, and always looking to learn more 
        Experience managing, scaling, and troubleshooting Java applications 
        Familiarity with cloud infrastructure concepts (zones, regions, VPCs,
11:etc.)
12:An understanding of a variety of software service deployment packaging, strategies, and tooling 
        Working understanding of common authentication schemes, certificates, and securely managing secrets 
        Capable of designing and implementing automated configuration management processes for repeatable and consistent service deployment 
       
      
     
    
   
  
  
   
    
     
      Description 
     
     
      
       Our team is collaborative; we work closely with partner teams to deliver the best results for
13:Apple.
14:We strive to balance the best solution with the need to get things done for each engineering challenge we face.
15:Good ideas are heard, and results are rewarded.
16:As an SRE at Apple, you will: • Operate, monitor, and triage all aspects of our production and non-production environments.
17:• Pioneer and implement the next-generation telemetry system for iWork.
18:• Prepare alert handling procedures, runbooks, and collaborate with the off-shore SRE teams.
19:• Automate deployment and orchestration of services into the cloud environment as well as other routine processes.
20:• Actively participate in capacity planning, scale testing, and disaster recovery exercises.
21:• Interact with and support partner teams, including engineering, QA, and program management.
22:• Cultivate and maintain relationships with internal and external third-party vendors.
23:Education & Experience 
     
     
      
       Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, an engineering-related field, or equivalent related
24:experience.
25:Advanced Degree preferred.
26:Additional Requirements 
     
     
      
       
        
         Prior experience as an SRE, software engineer, or system administrator
         
        
         Experience in system automation technology, such as Puppet or Ansible
         
        
         Experience in Kubernetes
         
       
      
     
    
   
  
  
   
    
     
      Pay & Benefits 
     
     
      
       
        At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a
27:range.
28:This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role.
29:The base pay range for this role is between $161,700 and $284,900, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.
30:Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs.
31:Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
32:You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition.
33:Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation.
34:Learn more about Apple Benefits.
35:Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.
0:Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve
1:more.
2:Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day.
3:In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world.
4:You can help us to achieve our mission.
5:To learn more please visit:
6:We value people who can bring a diverse perspective to our product and where a developer will not just write code but will have a real meaningful impact on the direction of the product and which features to
7:build.
8:We are building a team where diversity of thought and background is valued as strongly as technical skills, and where everyone is encouraged to come up with new ideas to make our customers’ lives better.
9:We are looking for talented Principal Software Engineer to help us deliver highly scalable services and world-class product
10:experiences.
11:You will have opportunities to work on multiple layers of the technology stack, ranging from customer-focused user experience work, building scalable distributed cloud services, working with big data, machine learning, and everything in between.
12:You will learn how to design services and experiences that are required to work around the globe.
13:You will collaborate with team members and other engineering groups in Microsoft to build full stack web applications and services using the latest web technologies in a dynamic and agile environment.
14:You will be part of a diverse team that seeks challenges, loves learning and values teamwork.
15:You will have opportunities for mentorship, career growth, and work in high-business impact areas.
16:Responsibilities
 
   Building scalable systems and services for managing millions of resources in a massively scalable microservice architecture
   Design and develop large scale distributed software services and
17:solutions.
18:Experience with C#/Java/C/C++/Golang,
   Experience with data technologies
19:Experience building and operating, knowledge, large scale distributed systems.
20:Develop “best-in-class” engineering for our services by ensuring that the services and the components are well-defined, modularized, secure, reliable, testable, diagnosable, actively monitored, and reusable.
21:Take end-to-end responsibility for the development, testing, release, monitoring, and support of production services
   Experience in building, shipping and operating reliable, distributed solutions
   Work closely with our internal/external partners to support the team’s mission
   Experience with open-source projects, Kubernetes, Linux and containers is
22:desired.
23:Experience with Azure is a plus.
24:Balance pragmatism with vision; deliver continuous improvements to the team’s process and codebase.
25:Build automation to prevent and/or remediate service problems from becoming production incidents.
26:Gain a working understanding of Microsoft businesses and collaborate with mentors and leaders to contribute to cohesive, end-to-end experiences for our users.
27:Ability to engage in site-reliability engineering practices.
28:(preferred)
 
  Qualifications
 
   Re
  quired Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline AND 6+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
   
     OR equivalent
29:experience.
30:Preferred Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 10+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
   
     OR Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 8+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
    OR equivalent
31:experience.
32:Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this
33:role.
34:These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:
 
 
   Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years
35:thereafter.
36:Software Engineering IC5 - The typical base pay range for this role across the
37:U.S.
38:is USD $133,600 - $256,800 per year.
39:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $173,200 - $282,200 per year.
40:Learn more about base pay ranges and pay equity:
41:Microsoft is an equal opportunity
42:employer.
43:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
44:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
0:Be Part of Building the Future 
   Dremio is The Easy and Open Data Lakehouse, providing self-service analytics with data warehouse functionality and data lake flexibility across all of your
1:data.
2:Dremio increases agility with a revolutionary data-as-code approach that adopts Git concepts to enable data experimentation, version control, and governance.
3:In addition, Dremio breaks down data silos by simplifying ingestion into the lakehouse, and also allowing queries directly on databases and data warehouses.
4:All of this is available through a fully managed service that not only eliminates the need to maintain infrastructure and software, but also automatically optimizes the data in the lakehouse to maximize performance for every workload.
5:Founded in 2015, Dremio is headquartered in Santa Clara,
6:CA.
7:Investors include Cisco Investments, Insight Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Redpoint Ventures, and Sapphire Ventures.
8:For more information, visit www.dremio.com.
9:Connect with Dremio on GitHub, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.
10:If you, like us, say "bring it on" to exciting challenges that really do change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your
11:mark.
12:About the role 
  Dremio's SREs ensure that internal and externally visible services have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of
13:improvement.
14:You will be joining a small team of experienced SREs helping to deliver a world class experience to Dremio Cloud customers.
15:Our systems, like many, are joint-cognitive, made up of both people and software: complex and therefore intrinsically hazardous.
16:We understand and expect that catastrophe is always just around the corner.
17:What you'll be doing 
 
  Drive continuous improvements to our usage of Kubernetes, our Operators, and the GitOps deployment
18:paradigm.
19:Extend our networking, service mesh and Kubernetes systems to support connectivity between GCP, AWS and
20:Azure.
21:Collaborate with Engineering teams to support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, monitoring/alerting, capacity planning, production readiness and service
22:reviews.
23:Help define and instrument Service Level indicators and objectives (SLIs/SLOs) with service owners in the Engineering
24:teams.
25:Develop SLO-based on-call strategies for service owners and their teams.
26:Collaborate within our virtual Observability team: develop and improve observability (tracing, events, metrics, profiling, logging and exceptions) of the Dremio Cloud
27:product.
28:Ability to debug and optimize code written by others and automate routine
29:tasks.
30:You recognize complexity and are familiar with multiple techniques to manage it but recognize the folly in complete rewrites.
31:Evangelize and advocate for resilience engineering and reliability practices across our
32:organization.
33:Scale systems sustainably through automation and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and
34:velocity.
35:Join an on-call rotation for systems and services that the SRE team
36:owns.
37:Practice sustainable incident response and post-incident investigation
38:analysis.
39:Use techniques developed in and around the Learning from Incidents community.
40:Drive the cultural, technical, and process changes to move towards a true continuous delivery model within the
41:company.
42:What we're looking for 
 
  7+ years of relevant experience in the following areas: SRE, DevOps, Distributed Systems, Cloud Operations, Software
43:Engineering.
44:Expertise in Kubernetes, Istio, Terraform,
45:ArgoCD/Flux.
46:Expertise with software defined networking infrastructure: dedicated and partner interconnects, VPNs,
47:BGP.
48:Excellent command of cloud services on GCP/AWS/Azure, CI/CD
49:pipelines.
50:Have moderate-advanced experience in Python/Go, and at least reading knowledge of
51:Java.
52:Interested in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed
53:systems.
54:Have a systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and
55:drive.
56:Great ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine
57:tasks.
58:Solid background in software development and architecting resilient and reliable
59:applications.
60:Bonus points if you have 
 
  Hands-on experience with large-scale production Kubernetes clusters (<=1000
61:nodes).
62:Developed SLIs/SLOs for production
63:systems.
64:Hands-on experience using Honeycomb for OpenTelemetry trace
65:analysis.
66:Engagement with the Learning from Incidents
67:community.
68:Familiarity with seminal work of Allspaw, Woods, Cook et al.
69:What we offer 
 
  Medical, dental and vision insurance 
  401(k) Plan 
  Short term / long term disability and life insurance 
  Pre-IPO stock options 
  Flexible PTO 
  16 hours of volunteer time off 
  12 company paid holidays, including Juneteenth 
  Remote work options 
  Monthly "Get Stuff Done" (GSD) Days 
  Paid parental leave 
  Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
  Quarterly swag surprise 
  
 **Certain benefits are only allowed to full-time Dremio employees and may not be the same across all
70:locations.
71:#LI-JW1 #LI-Remote 
  The base salary range for this position is $154,545to $209,091 per
72:year.
73:The base salary actually offered to a successful candidate will take into account various relevant and non-discriminatory business factors including, without limitation, the candidate's geographic location, job-related experience, knowledge, and skills, and education, as well as internal equity considerations.
74:A successful candidate may also be eligible to earn additional compensation including commissions and/or bonuses.
75:What we value 
   At Dremio, we hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to People, Thinking, and
76:Action.
77:Our Gnarlies (that's what we call our employees) communicate with clarity, drive accountability, and are respectful towards each other.
78:We confront brutal facts and focus on results while operating with a sense of urgency and building a "flywheel".
79:People who like to jump in and drive momentum will thrive in our #GnarlyLife.
80:Dremio is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce
81:diversity.
82:We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other unlawful factor.
83:Dremio is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview
84:process.
85:To request accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.
86:Dremio has policies in place to protect the personal information that employees and applicants disclose to
87:us.
88:Please click here to review the privacy notice.
0:Job Description:
 
 
   Remitly is on a mission to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial products and services on the
1:planet.
2:Since 2011, we have been tirelessly delivering on our promises to immigrants sending their hard earned money home.
3:Today, we are reimagining international payments at scale and building new products to create deeper relationships with our customers and their loved ones across the globe.
4:Join over 2,700 employees across 10 offices who are growing their careers while having a positive impact on people globally.
5:About the Role:
 
 
   Come be a founding member of Remitly's Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)
6:team!
7:We work across Remitly's engineering organization driving programs that improve reliability and availability.
8:Areas of focus include Observability, Incident Response, and Traffic Management (rate limiting, circuit breaking, etc).
9:As a Senior Developer on the team, you will build and extend software focused on solving challenges in these domains, and roll out solutions that can be used by all services.
10:Additionally you will help set the vision for where this team goes next, and mentor junior team members.
11:You Will:
 
 
   Evaluate and integrate/build systems in SRE domains such as observability, rate limiting, traffic splitting, incident management, and problem management
   Implement a company wide strategy for Observability, including the tooling necessary to make it a
12:reality.
13:Provide technical mentorship to other Remitly teams on how to best monitor their systems.
14:Identify company wide opportunities to improve availability, and implement automation and tooling to address.
15:Automate routine tasks, either independently or working with other developers
   Participate in an on-call rotation for production
16:issues.
17:Provide mentorship to junior team members
 
 
   You Have:
 
 
   5+ years as a Software Development Engineer
   3+ years architecting and operating highly available services in a cloud provider such as AWS
   Proficient in at least one high-level programing language such as Java, Go, or Python
   2+ years experience driving collaborative projects from conception to delivery using Agile/Kanban methodology
   Experience implementing Observability tooling at scale (Prometheus, CloudWatch, New Relic, Dynatrace, etc)
   Deep understanding and passion for SRE concepts, patterns and tooling
 
 
   Our Benefits
 
 
   Unlimited paid time off
   Health, dental, and vision benefits + 401k plan with company matching
   Company contributions to your HSA or FSA plan, if you choose one
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) available for eligible employees
   Continuing education and corridor travel benefits
 
 
   Remitly is an Equal Opportunity
18:Employer.
19:Equal employment opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental principle at Remitly.
20:We are committed to nondiscrimination across our global organization and in all of our business operations.
21:Employment is determined based on personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honorably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including a woman's potential to get pregnant, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability (including the use of a trained dog guide or service animal), HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.
22:#LI-Hybrid
 
 
   Remitly is an E-Verify Employer
 
 
   Compensation
23:Details.
24:The starting base salary range for this position is typically $159,090 -$210,000.
25:In the U.S., Remitly employees are shareholders in our Company and equity is part of our total compensation plan.
26:Your recruiter can share more information about medical benefits offered, as well as other financial benefits and total compensation components offered with this role.
27:Remitly is an equal opportunity
28:employer.
29:We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
0:About Hive
Hive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative
1:organizations.
2:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
3:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
4:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
5:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
6:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
7:DevOps and Systems TeamOur unique machine learning needs led us to open our own data centers, with an emphasis on distributed high performance computing integrating GPUs.
8:Even with these data centers, we maintain a hybrid infrastructure with public clouds when the right fit.
9:As we continue to commercialize our machine learning models, we also need to grow our DevOps and Site Reliability team to maintain the reliability of our enterprise SaaS offering for our customers.
10:Our ideal candidate is someone who is able to thrive in an unstructured environment and takes automation seriously.
11:You believe there is no task that can’t be automated and no server scale too large.
12:You take pride in optimizing performance at scale in every part of the stack and never manually performing the same task twice.
13:Responsibilities

 Automate manual operational processes
 Improve workflows of developer, data, and machine learning teams
 Manage secure integration and deployment tooling
 Create, maintain, monitor, and audit secure infrastructure
 Manage a diverse array of technology platforms, following best practices and procedures
 Participate in on-call rotation and root cause analysis
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority

Requirements

 Minimum 3 - 5 years of previous experience in development, operations, IT, or a related field
 Comfortable working on Linux infrastructures (Debian) via the CLIAble to learn quickly in a fast-paced environment
 Able to debug, optimize, and automate routine tasks
 Able to multitask, prioritize, and manage time efficiently independently
 Able to physically lift equipment at least 30 pounds
 Can communicate effectively across teams and management levels
 Degree in computer science, or similar, is an added
14:plus!
15:Technology Stack

 Operating Systems - Linux/Debian Family/Ubuntu
 Configuration Management - Chef
 Containerization - Docker
 Container Orchestrators - Mesosphere/Kubernetes
 Scripting Languages - Python/Ruby/Node/Bash
 CI/CD Tools - Jenkins
 Network hardware - Arista/Cisco/Fortinet
 Hardware - HP/SuperMicro
 Storage - Ceph, S3
 Database - Scylla, Postgres, Pivotal GreenPlum
 Message Brokers: RabbitMQ
 Logging/Search - ELK Stack
 AWS: VPC/EC2/IAM/S3
 Networking: TCP / IP, ICMP, SSH, DNS, HTTP, SSL / TLS, Storage systems, RAID, distributed file systems, NFS / iSCSI / CIFS

Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI
16:company.
17:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
18:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
19:Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
20:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
21:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
22:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
23:Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
24:-
25:per year
Schedule:

 Monday to Friday

Work Location: In person
0:Our client is currently seeking a Site Reliability Engineer 
  The Site Reliability Engineer will oversee the operations of the applications for the
1:enterprise.
2:You will work closely with other technology teams in architecting a platform that will best suit the needs of the business.
3:You must be capable of working independently, collaboratively within the team as well as collaboratively with other teams.
4:The SRE team works in a fast paced and fun environment.
5:This job will have the following responsibilities:
 
   Release Engineering
   Continuous Integration
   Tools for testing
   Continuous Deployment and zero downtime deployments
   Develop services and tooling that facilitate high quality releases
   Automate and maintain the platforms that run our applications
   Architected Solutions
 
  
  
 Qualifications & Requirements:
6:degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related area is required
   2-3 years of software development experience; emphasis on ECommerce is a big plus
   Experience with NodeJS, Python, Ruby, Java, Javascript and/or Varnish VCL
   Experience working in a high traffic, e-commerce environment
   Knowledge of web-based applications and testing tools
   Understanding of software load balancing, feature switching, service discovery, circuit breakers
   Familiarity with Caching systems and techniques (memcached, Redis, Varnish)
   Knowledge of CI/CD systems
   1-2 years of Information Technology experience
   Advanced knowledge of the Linux operating systems 
   Knowledge of complex web hosting configuration components, including firewalls, load balancers, CDNs, web and database servers
   Experience with server side scripting languages
   Knowledge of Configuration management systems (puppet/chef/etc)
0:Key job responsibilities:

 Provision and manage AWS infrastructure, including EC2, CloudFormation Templates, AppStream, and Load
1:Balancers.
2:Build dash boarding and alarming to drive Operational Excellence.
3:Work with a wide range of technologies, and AWS products.
4:Build AWS Application Environments including VPC, EC2, RDS, SSM, S3.
5:Architect and setup infrastructure on AWS and AWS gov-cloud environments.
6:Analyze and Support setup of new devices connectivity to applications.
7:Monitor network connectivity between all internal and external systems.
8:Work closely with Application leads to understand needs and plan for infrastructure demands.
9:Drive automation of routine tasks to help scale the operations.
10:Maintain hardware architecture documentation for all infrastructure and networking components.
11:Support Identity and Access Management (IAM) initiatives building highly secure working environments.
12:You will work collaboratively with internal security teams and key stakeholders to intake requirements and deliver a customer obsessed IAM experience.
13:Basic Qualification

 Bachelor’s Degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science or related field, or relevant work
14:experience.
15:4+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering.
16:4+ years of experience with focus in areas such as systems, network and/or application security.
17:4+ years of experience with web protocols and Linux/Unix tools and architecture.
18:4+ year experience building scripts, tooling, and automation for large-scale computing environments using Python, Java, PHP, Ruby, or Bash/Shell.
19:Experience communicating with technical and non-technical stakeholders at all levels across multiple business units.
20:Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering measurable results in an agile environment.
21:Preferred Qualifications:

 5+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps, or Site Reliability
22:Engineering.
23:Demonstrable expertise around specifying, designing, and/or implementing system health, performance monitoring tools, and software management tools for 24x7 environments.
24:Practical knowledge of Role-based identity management including SPML and SAML protocols for provisioning.
25:Experience in the Identity and Access Management field with Practical experience in LDAP and AD implementations in support of enterprise directory services.
26:Familiarity with AWS Cloud Security controls and deployment
 Excellent problem-solving skills and development of creative solutions
 Understanding of design for scalability, performance, and
27:reliability.
28:Automation, testing or monitoring framework development experience.
29:Understanding of common network and federated authentication protocols like Kerberos, OAUTH, NTLM, OIDC, SAML, FIDO, etc.
30:Expertise in directory schema design and data integration

Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
31:-
32:per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 401(k) matching
 Dental insurance
 Employee discount
 Flexible schedule
 Flexible spending account
 Health insurance
 Health savings account
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Referral program
 Retirement plan
 Tuition reimbursement
 Vision insurance

Compensation package:

 Hourly pay

Experience level:

 5 years

Schedule:

 8 hour shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Redmond, WA 98052: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Redmond, WA 98052
0:AltaSource Group is seeking a Cloud Engineer for our industry leading global wealth
1:client!
2:Position Summary
   
 
 
   The Cloud Engineer is responsible for designing, implementing, and supporting the foundational AWS infrastructure including but not limited to AWS organizations/accounts, Landing Zone, networking, security, identity, and targeted business
3:applications/integrations.
4:They work as part of the larger Cloud organization consisting of Networking, IT Security, Development, Operations, and Site Reliability Engineering teams to build effective, secure, and scalable solutions to meet explosive business growth.
5:This is a highly technical role focused on driving integration and convergence efforts to consolidate the organization's acquisition AWS resources, policies, and
6:procedures.
7:They will work closely with the client and acquisition stakeholders to align configuration requirements and establish connectivity between AWS, Azure, and Data Center environments.
8:You day to day duties will
9:be…
10:Develop and maintain AWS Landing Zone resources such as accounts, VPCs, IAM,
11:etc.
12:Work closely with Morgan Stanley and acquisition Cloud Security/Engineering staff to align security policies, IaC blueprints, and security guardrails.
13:Implement network connectivity between various Cloud Providers and Organizations
   Create and maintain approved Terraform IaC modules to ensure consistency and security
   Assist with application migrations from acquisition AWS
14:Orgs.
15:to Morgan Stanley Org.
16:Design and implement best practices for operational excellence, security, reliability, performance, efficiency, and cost optimization across Cloud platforms
   Create and maintain documentation related to the Morgan Stanley Cloud Program
   Mentor junior team members on secure Cloud Ops design principles and IaC
 
 
 
   Your skill set should
17:include…
18:Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or equivalent experience
   AWS Cloud Architect Associate certification or equivalent
   5+ years' AWS technical experience, preferably in Financial Services
   Strong knowledge of Terraform, source control, and CI/CD pipelines (Github Actions)
   Strong Cloud Architecture, Networking, Security, and Operations knowledge
   Experience with Access Management technologies, best practices, and IdP (Okta)
   Experience working with Linux/UNIX and Docker or other container technologies
   Familiarity with DMZ based network architectures and associated infrastructure
   Able to work as part of a high performing, collaborative team with limited supervision
 
 
   
   Pay Rate: Up to $80/hr DOE
   This position is an onsite contract role with the potential to extend or convert
19:full-time.
20:Our client is unable to consider candidates who require visa sponsorship for this role.
21:Please no corp-to-corp.
22:AltaSource Group provides paid medical, dental, vision benefits for all of our
23:consultants!
24:We are one of the NW's unique TaaS (Talent as a Service) vendors that pride ourselves in individual, specialized attention not mass marketing.
25:Your recruiter for this role will be:
   Bailey McClanahan
26:IND123
