
 
  About the team and role 
   Are you passionate about leveraging large volumes of data sets to draw deep insights designed to improve business strategies and customer experience? Currently our team owns generating critical Business Reports, Near-Real Time Operational Insights and Anomaly Detection for Microsoft’s first-party real-time conversation products, notably Skype and Teams with many millions of users, to operate with reliable and high-quality audio and video calling, meetings, and chat services that work every time, from anywhere, on any device and next year goal is to develop self-service tooling & generate smart analytics through AI.
 
 
 
   Who we are? 
   We are the data engineering team in IC3, which is a part of the Experiences & Devices division within Microsoft and well known for its Skype history. Today, our focus is much broader: We are building the Intelligent Conversations & Communications Cloud (IC3) which powers communication services for millions of Microsoft customers around the world across products such as Skype, Microsoft Teams, Xbox, Windows, Azure, Dynamics and more. Our IC3 platform is one of the largest Azure deployments worldwide and growing rapidly. Together with partner teams across Microsoft we build and run an intelligent fabric of communication services to empower every person and organization to achieve more. We develop highly scalable and reliable backend services running on Azure, supporting millions of Microsoft customers every day.
   
   
   
 
 
  As a Senior Data Engineer, you will be working closely with IC3 business leaders, product managers, data scientists, analysts to build data pipelines, metrics, KPI’s that answer important questions about our business metrics and provide data on how to grow our business further.
   
   
   
 
 Responsibilities
 
   Responsibilities:
 
 
   Ship high-quality, well-tested, secure, and maintainable code.
   Design, develop, and maintain data pipelines and back-end services for real-time decisioning, reporting, optimization, data collection, and related functions.
   Manage automated unit and integration test suites.
   Work collaboratively and communicate effectively with a small, motivated team of engineers and product managers.
   Experiment with and recommend new technologies that simplify or improve the tech stack.
   Participate in an on-call rotation and work occasional off-hours.
 
  Qualifications
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Math, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field AND 4+ years experience in business analytics, data science, software development, data modeling or data engineering work
   
     Master's Degree in Computer Science, Math, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field AND 3+ years experience in business analytics, data science, software development, data modeling or data engineering work
     OR equivalent experience.
   
 
 
   Additional or Preferred Qualifications:
 
 
   Architecting, building, and maintaining end-to-end, high-throughput data systems and their supporting services.
   Designing efficient data structures and database schemas and working with distributed systems architecture
   Incorporating data processing and workflow management tools into pipeline design.
   Utilizing a variety of data stores, including data warehouses, relational database systems, in-memory caches, and searchable document databases.
   Experience working with large data sets using SQL/Azure Data Lake/Spark, etc., to derive actionable insights is highly desirable.
   Developing for continuous integration and automated deployments. Using profiling tools, debugging logs, performance metrics, and other data sources to make code- and application-level improvements. 
 
  
 
 
  Data Engineering IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $112,000 - $218,400 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $145,800 - $238,600 per year.
   
   Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
 
 
   #IC3 #M365Core #IC3TeamsPhone
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
