 
 ABET accredited Bachelor’s degree in civil or structural engineering 
 7+ years experience in structural design for industrial or commercial projects 
 Professional Engineering (PE) License 
 Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking a Data Center Structural Engineer to join its design team in one of these locations: Seattle, WA USA | Austin, TX, USA | Dublin, OH, USA | Herndon, VA, USA. 

 AWS designs, builds, and operates Data Centers (DC) around the world and is a leader in worldwide cloud-computing infrastructure. 

 Engineers in AWS work to design resilient, cost effective DC facilities. Our team is responsible for achieving a world class uptime for our customers and drive to develop a fleet of buildings emphasizing security, safety, efficiency, and cost effectiveness, while finding new ways to meet AWS’s growing demand. 

 As a DC Structural Engineer at AWS, you will be part of the design team for Amazon DCs in our Americas Region and impact other projects around the world. As a Structural Engineer at AWS you will be part of a highly creative and efficient design team comprised of Architects, Engineers and Designers tasked with solving problems and challenging the status quo. As a subject matter expert, you will have a direct impact on the design of prototypical DC facilities, provide technical guidance to team members, review milestone drawings by consultants, solve large scale implementation issues, and be responsible for structural design requirements. 

 We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Austin, TX, USA | Dublin, OH, USA | Herndon, VA, USA | Seattle, WA, USA 

 
 
 Master’s degree in civil or structural engineering. 
 Proficiency in building codes, regulations, and standard including IBC and ASCE. 
 SE Engineering license. 
 Experience with the design, construction, operation, or maintenance of DCs. 
 Solid working proficiency with AutoCAD, Revit, Bluebeam, and MS Office Suite. 
 Detailed understanding of tilt-up and precast concrete structures, structural steel systems, seismic design, wind loading, snow loading, and forensic analysis of building design and construction defects. 
 Experience in value engineering for building structural systems. 
 Experience in design and calculation for auxiliary framing systems used to support cable tray, conduit, ductwork, etc. 
 Experience in design and review of non-structural components and non-building structures 
 Ability to evaluate the constructability of new technologies, and determine construction methods of data center equipment and facilities. 
 Ability to perform and present business case analysis. 
 Motivated, dependable and capable of working with limited oversight. 
 Ability and willingness to think outside of the box to find innovative solutions prior to and during the construction process to reduce costs without negative impacts on quality or reliability. 
 Excellent communication skills, attention to detail, maintain high quality standards. 
 Ability to effectively communicate design standards to internal and external project partners. 
 Basic understanding of large scale mechanical and electrical system components and designs. 
 Ability to manage multiple fast paced projects simultaneously. 
 Ability to travel internationally 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 

 Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $93,500/year in our lowest geographic market up to $185,000/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.