

 
  At Moss Adams, we champion authenticity. For us, that means fostering a culture of talented people who care—about you, about our clients, and about our communities. Here, you’ll work towards our mission of empowering others to embrace opportunity, growing as a leader along the way. Our firm’s size, middle-market clients, customized career paths, and supportive culture make this a reality. Join a values-driven firm where you’ll have fun while solving complex and interesting business challenges. 
   Introduction to the Team: The Senior Data Engineer on the Data Platform team is primarily responsible for the development, testing and maintenance of the firm's data warehouse to support DWBI applications, workflows, reporting, integrations and other solutions. This role collaborates with data scientists, report writers, product group customers, stakeholders and other IT resources to define business needs and build scalable data processing pipelines. This individual is expected to provide solution design leadership, as well as mentor junior engineers and team members. Expertise in SQL and Python, solid experience and understanding on Snowflake data cloud and Azure storage/data lake, and have a strong understanding of data integration, data warehousing and dimensional modeling. Experience with SQL Server 2016+ is helpful, to support migration from on-prem SQL Server to Snowflake. Strong analytical skills as well as good customer service is preferred.
   
   Individuals who thrive at Moss Adams exhibit the following success skills – Collaboration, Critical Thinking, Emotional Intelligence, Executive Presence, Growth Mindset, Intellectual Curiosity, and Results Focus. 
   Responsibilities: 
   
   In collaboration with the data analytics & reporting team, manage and support Azure Machine Learning environment 
   Develop ETL using data factory, SSIS tools 
   Design, construct, and manage the data lake environment including: Data ingestion, staging, data quality monitoring, and business modeling 
   Develop, construct, test and maintain architectures (databases and large-scale processing systems) 
   Design, develop and implement technical solutions in SQL environment (databases, SQL, data marts, integrations) 
   Develop visual reports in Power BI 
   Maintain and develop queries and stored procedures using T-SQL 
   Support data integrations 
   Analyze data and identify gaps, data quality and integrity issues 
   Work in all aspects of development, design, reviews, troubleshooting and post-production issue resolution 
   Follow SDLC and create and maintain required documentation of newly developed and refactored applications 
   
  Qualifications: 
   
   Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required; emphasis in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field preferred 
   Minimum of 3 years of related experience required; experience in a professional services environment preferred 
   Highly skilled in SQL programming in T-SQL building stored procedures and jobs 
   Strong functional understanding of Azure Machine Learning 
   Ability to manage large volume data integration/ETL; experience with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including ability to configure SQL Server agent 
   Expertise in identifying and mapping data elements across multiple systems 
   Knowledge of Power BI report visualizations, Data Analysis Expressions (DAX), Power Query (M), and Power BI data modeling 
   Hands-on experience in writing DAX queries and custom calculations 
   Strong understanding of data integration, quality and validation 
   Strong understanding of MDM, Data Warehouse/Data mart and relational database design 
   Excellent written and verbal communication skills and able to interact with multiple IT teams and business partners both formally and informally 
   Should possess sound knowledge of SDLC using Azure DevOps 
   Self-motivated with the ability to work both independently and in a team environment 
   Effective time management, ability to multi-task with changing priorities while continuing to provide exceptional client service 
   Ability to travel as needed, approximately 5% 
   
  
  Moss Adams is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law. 
   Moss Adams complies with federal and state disability laws and makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact careers@mossadams.com. 
   California, Colorado, NYC, and Washington require employers to disclose the pay range in job postings. This is the typical range of pay for the position; however, actual pay may vary based on experience, skillset, and location. This position may be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus. For more information about our benefit offerings and other total rewards, visit our careers page. 
   #LI-ED1
 
 
  
    
  
   Compensation Range
  : Compensation range for Greater Seattle Area: $109,000 -$133,000 Compensation range for Washington State (Excluding Greater Seattle Area): $104,000 -$127,000 Compensation range for Greater Bay Area: $124,000 -$152,000 Compensation range for California State (Excluding Greater Bay Area): $111,000 -$135,000 Compensation range for Colorado: $104,000 -$127,000
 

