0:3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience 
 Experience programming with at least one software programming language 
 For millions of customers worldwide, the Amazon name is synonymous with delivery – and the Delivery Experience (DEX) team provides those customers with innovative ways to get what they want and need, enabling the choices they make on every order, every
1:day.
2:We combine customer impact with retail invention, solving huge technical challenges along the way.
3:The DEX AI Regionalization team is responsible for developing and maintaining highly available, highly scalable, low-latency, Machine Learning based applications as well as building the ML platform with plenty of tools to solve the common pain points and speed up the development of ML solutions in
4:DEX.
5:This is SUPER high-visibility work: MILLIONS of customers will be impacted by your contributions: The changes we make directly impact the customer experience on every Amazon
6:site.
7:This is a great position for someone who likes backend development and Service Oriented Architecture, but wants to see and measure their direct impact on customers, and learns in the Machine Learning domain.
8:As a Software Development Engineer for Delivery Experience, you will be responsible to develop Machine Learning based solution that improve the discoverability of delivery options for all customers, and utilize our current delivery experience
9:architecture.
10:To succeed, the skill to build highly scalable, fault-tolerant systems that can withstand millions of operations per day will not be enough.
11:You will be responsible for projects that require enhancements to multiple systems, including many outside your team's ownership.
12:You’ll need a proven ability to architect elegant solutions to new challenges spanning multiple systems, and to effectively share your technical vision with others.
13:You will be working with multiple teams across the company in many different areas, so collaboration skills are a must.
14:So, if you’re creative, talented, have a strong sense of both technical and business ownership, and enjoy solving complex challenges that have a huge impact on all of Amazon’s customers, we’ve definitely got the role for you!
15:Individuals interested in this position should have practical experience in building high-performance, reliable systems in a complex, multi-tiered, and distributed
16:environment.
17:The ideal candidate will have experience working with Java, C++, Python, or distributed computing technologies on Linux platform.
18:We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Bellevue, WA, USA 

 
 
 3+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations experience 
 Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive
19:workplace.
20:Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
21:For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
22:Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic
23:markets.
24:The base pay for this position ranges from $115,000/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market.
25:Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
26:Amazon is a total compensation company.
27:Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits.
28:For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits.
29:Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.
