0:The Artificial Intelligence (AI) Frameworks team at Microsoft develops AI software that enables running AI models everywhere, from world’s fastest AI supercomputers, to servers, desktops, mobile phones, Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and internet
1:browsers.
2:We collaborate with our hardware teams and hardware partners to build the software stacks for novel AI accelerators.
3:We work closely with ML (Machine Learning) researchers and developers to optimize and scale out model training and inference.
4:The team operates at the intersection of AI algorithmic innovation, purpose-built AI hardware, systems, and
5:software.
6:We are a cross-discipline team of highly capable and motivated people with a collaborative and inclusive culture.
7:We collaborate with and contribute to the open-source community.
8:As a Software Engineer II on our team, you will have the opportunity to work on the fundamental abstractions, programming model, compilers, runtimes, libraries, and APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) to enable large scale training and inferencing of models on novel AI
9:hardware.
10:Responsibilities
 
   Apply engineering principles for defining robust and maintainable architectures and
11:designs.
12:Collaborate broadly across multiple disciplines from hardware designers to ML developers.
13:Perform software development in C/C++, Python, and other languages.
14:Qualifications
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
   
    OR equivalent
15:experience.
16:1+ years' experience with C/C++
 
 
 
   Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this
17:role.
18:These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
 
 
  Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years
19:thereafter.
20:Preferred/Additional Qualifications:
 
 
   1+ years’ experience with Python
   A technical background and foundation in software engineering principles and architecture design
   Intellectual curiosity and passion about learning new technologies
   Exposure to Deep Neural Network training and inference and experience in one or more deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow, ONNX,
21:etc.)
22:Cross-team collaboration skills and the desire to collaborate in a team of researchers and developers
 
 
 
   Software Engineering IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the
23:U.S.
24:is USD $94,300 - $182,600 per year.
25:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $120,900 - $198,600 per year.
26:Learn more about base pay ranges and pay equity:
27:#AIPLATFORM#
 
 
   #AIPLATREF#
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity
28:employer.
29:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
30:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
