0:Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: 
 Mountain View, CA, USA; Seattle, WA,
1:USA.
2:Minimum qualifications:
  
  Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical
3:experience.
4:8 years of experience in software development, and with data
5:structures/algorithms.
6:5 years of experience testing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and
7:architecture.
8:5 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools
9:(e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning, and/or natural language processing.
10:Preferred qualifications:
  
  Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical
11:field.
12:3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical
13:direction.
14:3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business
15:projects.
16:About the job
   Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one
17:another.
18:Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search.
19:We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day.
20:As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve.
21:We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
22:With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and
23:deliverables.
24:You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.
25:In Google Search, we're reimagining what it means to search for information – any way and
26:anywhere.
27:To do that, we need to solve complex engineering challenges and expand our infrastructure, while maintaining a universally accessible and useful experience that people around the world rely on.
28:In joining the Search team, you'll have an opportunity to make an impact on billions of people globally.
29:The US base salary range for this full-time position is $185,000-$283,000 + bonus + equity + benefits.
30:Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location.
31:The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations.
32:Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
33:Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
34:Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.
35:Learn more about benefits at Google.
36:Responsibilities
   
   Write product or system development
37:code.
38:Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available
39:technologies.
40:Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices
41:(e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
42:Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user
43:feedback.
44:Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and
45:quality.
46:Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action
47:employer.
48:We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
49:We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
50:See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law.
51:If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.
