0:Your Roles and Responsibilities:
 
 
   Design, develop, and maintain Azure-based data solutions using services such as Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks, Azure SQL Database, and Azure Data Lake
1:Storage.
2:Design and implement data pipelines and solutions that leverage Azure Cognitive Services for sentiment analysis, text extraction, image recognition, entity recognition and other AI-powered features.
3:Develop solutions that use languages such as Python and use REST-based APIs and software development kits (SDKs) to build secure image processing, natural language processing (NLP), knowledge mining, and conversational AI solutions on Azure.
4:Implement data integration solutions using Azure Logic Apps, Azure Functions, or other appropriate tools.
5:Collaborate with data scientists and developers to integrate Azure Cognitive Services APIs into data processing workflows and applications.
6:Build and train machine learning models using Azure Machine Learning, ensuring high accuracy and performance.
7:Ensure data governance and compliance standards are met by implementing data classification, masking, and retention policies.
8:Collaborate with infrastructure teams to provision, manage Azure resources & performance test solutions.
9:Stay up to date with the latest trends and technologies in the Azure data engineering space/AI technologies and frameworks, providing recommendations for process improvements.
10:Document data solutions, including system architecture, data flows, and configuration details.
11:Participate in agile development practices, including sprint planning, backlog grooming, and code reviews.
12:Required Qualifications/Skills:
 
 
  
   
     Bachelor’s degree
13:from four-college or university and 12+ years’ related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
   
  
   
     Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results
   
  
   
     Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments
   
  
   
     Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel
   
 
 
 
   Physical Demand & Work Environment:
 
 
  
   
     Must have the ability to perform office-related tasks which may include prolonged sitting or standing
   
  
   
     Must have the ability to move from place to place within an office environment
   
  
   
     Must be able to use a computer
   
  
   
     Must have the ability to communicate effectively
   
  
   
     Some positions may require occasional repetitive motion or movements of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers
   
 
 
 
   Salary Range
14:-
15:USD (Salary)
 
   Please note that the salary information provided herein is base pay only (gross); it does not include other forms of compensation which may or may not apply to this specific position, namely, performance-based bonuses, benefits-related payments, or other general incentives - none of which are guaranteed, may be subject to specific eligibility requirements, and are wholly within the discretion of Astreya to
16:remit.
17:Further, the salary information noted above is a range that consists of a minimum and maximum rate of pay for this specific position.
18:Where an applicant or employee is placed on this range will depend and be contingent on objective, documented work-related considerations like education, experience, certifications, licenses, preferred qualifications, among other factors.
19:Astreya offers comprehensive benefits to all Regular, Full-Time Employees, including:
 
 
  
   
     Medical provided through Cigna (PPO, HSA, EPO options) / Medical provided through Kaiser (HMO option only) for California employees only
   
  
   
     Dental provided through Cigna (DPPO & DHMO options)
   
  
   
     Nationwide Vision provided through VSP
   
  
   
     Flexible Spending Account for Health & Dependent Care
   
  
   
     Pre-Tax Account for Commuter Benefit/Parking & Transit (location-specific)
   
  
   
     Continuing Education and Professional Development via various integrated platforms,
20:e.g.
21:Udemy and Coursera
   
  
   
     Corporate Wellness Program
   
  
   
     Employee Assistance Program
   
  
   
     Wellness Days
   
  
   
     401k Plan
   
  
   
     Basic Life, Accidental Life, Supplemental Life Insurance
   
  
   
     Short Term & Long Term Disability
   
  
   
     Critical Illness, Critical Hospital, and Voluntary Accident Insurance
   
  
   
     Tuition Reimbursement (available 6 months after start date, capped)
   
  
   
     Paid Time Off (accrued and prorated, maximum of 120 hours annually)
   
  
   
     Paid Holidays
   
  
   
     Any other statutory leaves, paid time, or other fringe benefits required under state and federal law
