0:178:About Hive
Hive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative organizations.
1:144:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
2:144:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
3:144:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.
4:152:Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
5:85:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
6:67:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
7:105:Frontend Engineer
Frontend Engineers are an essential part of the Hive Data and Hive Enterprise products.
8:133:Working closely with designers, product owners, and other engineers, we implement the user interfaces that define our core platforms.
9:140:We leverage the latest web technologies such as React, Redux, Webpack,* and ES6* to deliver innovative interfaces and rich user experiences.
10:134:The team is small and fast moving, and you will be expected to iterate quickly and make software design decisions on product features.
11:166:As a front-end engineer at Hive, your breadth of skills paired with our bottom-up product process will give you as much autonomy and responsibility as you can handle.
12:134:We are looking for technically-strong teammates who are passionate about frontend technologies and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
13:16:Responsibilities
14:721:Build robust, high performance, and scalable applications
 Work with the design and product teams to develop new features that are focused on user experience
 Actively participate in product decisions, ensuring we set reasonable development deadlines
 Look for opportunities to improve team efficiency and work with your team to implement improvements
 Utilize OWASP top 10 techniques to secure code from vulnerabilities
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority
15:12:Requirements
16:808:You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 You have at least 1 year of experience working in web development
 You have experience working with 3rd party APIs and libraries
 You have in-depth knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and related web technologies
 You have a good grasp of React and Redux (or similar frameworks) and the concepts behind it
 You are capable of creating beautiful web products and have good UX sensibilities
 You are eager to learn new technologies and share your knowledge with your teammates
 You are receptive to feedback and always looking for opportunities to sharpen your skills
 You have excellent communication skills and experience in collaborative environments
 You write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability and scalability
17:112:Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI company.
18:139:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
19:96:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.
20:65:Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
21:127:Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
22:110:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
23:106:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
24:123:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
25:69:Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Schedule:
26:16:Monday to Friday
27:24:Work Location: In person
