0:About the Company
    
   
     Join AT&T and reimagine the communications and technologies that connect the world.
1:Our Consumer Technology eXperience team is delivering innovative and reliable technology solutions to power differentiated, simplified customer experiences.
2:Bring your bold ideas and fearless risk-taking to redefine connectivity and transform how the world shares stories and experiences that matter.
3:When you step into a career with AT&T, you won’t just imagine the future-you’ll create it.
4:About the Team
    
   
     The Data Analytics and Engineering team provides the critical data points that communicate key insights into the SAFe | Agile operations of CTX teams to increase velocity, improve quality and drive continuous improvement.
5:Provide technical solutions for processes and tools as the organization transforms and grows.
6:About the Job
    
   
     The Data Analytics and Engineering team is seeking an energetic and experienced individual to support full stack system solutions that service a wide variety of internal business clients.
7:This is a senior- level role (non-supervisory) and will be responsible for integrating data from disparate data sources and types(including Azure pipelines) and engineering end to end solutions that include data visualizations.
8:The role will also be responsible for collecting, managing, and converting raw data into information that can be used by data analysts and business analysts.
9:The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder, data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up.
10:Equally, the candidate should also have solid visualization skills and experience implementing predictive analytic models.
11:The Data Engineer will support and collaborate with our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.
12:Responsibilities and Day-to-Day View
    
   
     Assembling large, complex sets of data that meet non-functional and functional business requirements
    
   
     Identifying, designing and implementing internal process improvements including re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, optimizing data delivery, and automating manual processes
    
   
     Building required infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from various data sources using Azure and SQL technologies
    
   
     Building analytical tools to utilize the data pipeline, providing actionable insight into key business performance metrics including operational efficiency and customer acquisition
    
   
     Working with stakeholders including data, design, product and executive teams and assisting them with data-related technical issues
    
   
     Working with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, and Delivery teams to support their data infrastructure needs while assisting with data-related technical issues
   
    
    
   
     Qualifications
    
   
     Bachelor's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience, technical degree preferred
    
   
     Minimum of Three (3) years of experience with Azure Cloud
    
   
     Experience leveraging PowerBI.
13:Experience in custom ETL design, implementation, and maintenance
    
   
     Experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
    
   
     Experience with machine learning and automation.
14:Experience with AI is not required but a plus.
15:Experience with Python, SCALA, SPARK, .
16:NET
    
   
     Experience with SQL programming
    
   
     Knowledge of IT concepts, strategies, methodologies
    
   
     Understanding of agile data engineering concepts and processes
    
   
     Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrable passion to be a change champion
    
   
     Must be team oriented with strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required
   
    
    
   
     Our Senior-System Engineers earn between $115,600 - $231,100.
17:Not to mention all the other amazing rewards that working at AT&T offers.
18:Individual starting salary within this range may depend on geography, experience, expertise, and education/training.
19:Joining our team comes with amazing perks and benefits:
    
   
    Medical/Dental/Vision coverage
    
   
    401(k) plan
    
   
    Tuition reimbursement program
    
   
    Paid Time Off and Holidays (based on date of hire, at least 23 days of vacation each year and 9 company-designated holidays)
    
   
    Paid Parental Leave
    
   
    Paid Caregiver Leave
    
   
    Additional sick leave beyond what state and local law require may be available but is unprotected
    
   
    Adoption Reimbursement
    
   
    Disability Benefits (short term and long term)
    
   
    Life and Accidental Death Insurance
    
   
    Supplemental benefit programs: critical illness/accident hospital indemnity/group legal
    
   
    Employee Assistance Programs (EAP)
    
   
    Extensive employee wellness programs
    
   
    Employee discounts up to 50% off on eligible AT&T mobility plans and accessories, AT&T internet (and fiber where available) and AT&T phone
    
    
   
    AT&T is leading the way to the future – for customers, businesses and the industry.
20:We're developing new technologies to make it easier for our customers to stay connected to their world.
21:Together, we’ve built a premier integrated communications and entertainment company and an amazing place to work and grow.
22:Team up with industry innovators every time you walk into work, creating the world you always imagined.
23:Ready to #transformdigital with us?
24:Apply now!
25:
