0:250:As a Technology Specialist - AI Application Development, you will be a technical solution professional within our worldwide Artificial Intelligence (AI) commercial solution area organization working with strategic customers on developing AI projects.
1:236:You will accelerate and scale Microsoft’s share of the AI market leveraging the latest front and back-end development technologies to implement Azure AI, Azure Cognitive Services and Azure ML led solutions within prototype applications.
2:255:The primary objective is to support our AI Specialists with prototyping and developing AI-powered application experience to demonstrate the value of AI within customer organizations and win the technical decision for progressing to production initiatives.
3:148:You will combine the power of the Azure Data and Apps portfolio with Azure AI to rapidly demonstrate the value building these AI solutions on Azure.
4:133:Specifically, you will focus on developing proof of concept applications leveraging Cognitive Services and the Azure OpenAI Services.
5:179:You’ll create Generative AI-powered applications that are enhanced by the broader AI portfolio, with the goal of demonstrating the value of a business use case for your customers.
6:355:This role sits in our Global Black Belt (GBB) organization, which is a team of highly specialized and technical professionals within our Microsoft Customer & Partner Solutions organization (MCAPS) who work with customers to enable some of the most complex and innovative solutions, providing differentiated technical leadership and guidance along the way.
7:234:The AI team within the GBB organization consists of Specialist and Technologists, who focus on specific domains, industries, and workloads, such as Azure OpenAI Service, Azure AI Services, Application Development and Machine Learning.
8:48:This role will require travel to customer sites.
9:100:Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.
10:124:As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others and collaborate to realize our shared goals.
11:152:Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.
12:331:Responsibilities
 
   Winning new AI App development engagements via solution expertise proving technical and business value via workshops (1:1, 1: many) that drive commitment for minimum viable product (MVP) for business and technical decision makers showcasing integration of AI into custom development apps and existing systems.
13:188:Work with the solution specialist team to identify and qualify business opportunities, understand key customer technical objections, and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.
14:289:Provide in-depth AI expertise to support the technical relationship with Azure customers, including product and solution briefings, creating demos, proof-of-concept work, and partner directly with product management to prioritize solutions impacting customer adoption to Azure AI Services.
15:98:Design application architectural requirements and develop prototypes for prioritized AI use cases.
16:104:Evaluate and select Cloud Native and Power Platform low code options for front and backend technologies.
17:123:Define app scalability and capacity design: Requests per minute (RPM), concurrency, performance, data security and privacy.
18:112:Integrate Azure AI APIs and machine learning endpoints into app workflows and app + data solution architectures.
19:266:Be a trusted advisor to our customers, helping them understand and incorporate AI accelerators into their overall cloud strategy by recommending migration paths, integration strategies, and application architecture that incorporate Azure AI optimized infrastructure.
20:477:Qualifications
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
   6+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience
   
     OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 4+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience
     OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 3+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience
     OR equivalent experience.
21:228:AI Experience: 3+ years of Full stack development experience in enterprise public cloud-based solutions, developing cloud based applications to support AI Cognitive services in either Azure, or a similar compete cloud platforms.
22:225:Additional or Preferred Qualifications:
 
 
   Solution Consulting Experience: 3+ years in customer-facing advisory or pre-sales to demonstrate ability to distill core technical concepts and connect them to business outcomes.
23:531:Experience and skills with Azure Application and AI services
   Knowledge of consuming large language model (LLM) and Foundational model APIs
   Knowledge of the App open-source ecosystem
   Certifications with Azure Application Services or equivalent industry certifications 
  Knowledge of full stack application development technologies with skills in both front-end and back-end development, including web development, databases, system architecture, cloud technology, API development and integration, and software engineering.
24:92:Familiar with DevOps and version control tools such as Git and able to write and debug code.
25:344:Additionally, a modern full stack developer should be experienced in using Microsoft Azure
   Azure AI App development experience includes integrating API-accessible Cognitive Services and Large Language Models APIs (Hugging Face, Azure OpenAI Service) into application workflows and prompt engineering development to create unique experiences.
26:122:Technology Specialists IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $101,200 - $194,800 per year.
27:229:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $130,000 - $213,200 per year.
28:122:Technology Specialists IC5 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $124,800 - $242,600 per year.
29:229:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $159,000 - $264,000 per year.
30:66:Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation.
31:152:Learn more about base pay ranges and pay equity: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
  
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer.
32:563:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
33:151:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
34:0:
