0:331:Summary 
    
     
      Posted: Aug 11, 2023
      
     
      Weekly Hours: 
      40
      
     
      Role Number:
      200495547
      
    
    
     The Apple Knowledge Platform team is building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence.
1:156:The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for.
2:262:As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day.
3:828:Key Qualifications 
     
     
      
       
        Excellent programming skills in Python and Java 
        Experience working with large data sets and pipelines, ideally using the Apache software stack (e.g. Spark, Iceberg) 
        Broad knowledge of computer science and systems; ability to quickly learn new skills 
        Experience of developing, evaluating ML models and deploying models into production 
        Proven system development skills in UNIX-type OS (e.g. Linux, Mac OS) 
        Excellent problem-solving and analytic skills 
        Good interpersonal skills and teamwork 
        Real passion for building phenomenal products 
        Curiosity to learn 
       
      
     
    
   
  
  
   
    
     
      Description 
     
     
      
       Apple is hiring a ML engineer for Knowledge team .
4:102:You'll be working at the frontier of AI, crunching massive amounts of data for Apple's knowledge base.
5:204:In a dynamic, continuously-integrated environment, you'll design and implement robust, scalable data/ML pipelines capable of processing an ever-growing data set while keeping latency low and quality high.
6:161:You'll work closely with diverse data sources to integrate new knowledge, and with engineers from across Apple to deliver knowledge for customer-facing services.
7:110:Your responsibilities will also include developing tools and tests to ensure quality and help diagnose issues.
8:282:Education & Experience 
     
     
      
       BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science or related field
       
     
    
   
  
  
   
    
     
      Additional Requirements 
     
     
      
       
        Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people.
9:98:Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways.
10:120:No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programmes.
11:226:We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success.
12:217:You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programmes that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
13:86:Apple benefits programmes vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
14:84:Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity.
15:245:We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.
16:126:Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.
17:238:Apple is a drug-free workplace 
       
      
     
    
   
  
  
   
    
     
      Pay & Benefits 
     
     
      
       
        At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range.
18:80:This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role.
19:154:The base pay range for this role is between $131,500 and $243,300, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.
20:144:Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs.
21:189:Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
22:289:You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition.
23:113:Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation.
24:32:Learn more about Apple Benefits.
25:152:Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.
26:0:
