0:177:About HiveHive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative organizations.
1:144:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
2:144:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
3:144:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.
4:152:Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
5:85:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
6:67:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
7:123:Machine Learning Role
In order to execute our vision, we need to grow our team of best-in-class machine learning engineers.
8:196:We are looking for developers who are excited about staying at the forefront of deep learning technology, prototyping state-of-the-art neural net models and launching these models into production.
9:227:We value hard workers who have no qualms working with terabyte-scale datasets, who are interested in learning new technologies at all levels of the machine learning stack, and who move fast and take ownership of their projects.
10:248:Our ideal candidate has experience creating a working machine learning-powered project from the ground up, contributes innovative ideas and ingenious implementations to the team, and is capable of planning out scalable, maintainable data pipelines.
11:16:Responsibilities
12:814:Everything involved in applying a ML model to a production use case, including, designing and coding up the neural network, gathering and refining data, training and tuning the model, deploying it at scale with high throughput and uptime, and analyzing the results in the wild in order to continuously update and improve accuracy and speed
 Interface closely with the Backend and DevOps teams as well as with our internal data labeling services
 Utilize OWASP top 10 techniques to secure code from vulnerabilities
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority
13:12:Requirements
14:1379:You have an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science or similar technical field, with significant coursework in mathematics or statistics
 You have 1-2 years industry machine learning experience
 You have successfully trained and deployed a deep learning machine model (image, NLP, video, or audio) into production, with measurably improved performance over baseline, either in industry or as a personal project
 You have strong experience with a high-level machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe, or Torch, and familiarity with the others
 You know the ins and outs of Python, especially as it applies to the above ML frameworks
 You are capable of quickly coding and prototyping data pipelines involving any combination of Python, Node, bash, and linux command-line tools, especially when applied to large datasets consisting of millions of files
 You have a working knowledge of the following technologies, or are not afraid of picking it up on the fly: C++, Scala/Spark, SQL, Cassandra, Docker
 You are up-to-date on the latest deep neural net research and architectures, both in understanding the theory and motivations behind the techniques, as well as how to implement them in the ML framework of your choice
 You have great communication skills and ability to work with others
 You are a strong team player, with a do-whatever-it-takes attitude
15:112:Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI company.
16:139:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
17:96:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.
18:65:Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
19:128:_Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
20:110:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
21:106:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
22:123:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
23:71:_
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Schedule:
24:16:Monday to Friday
25:24:Work Location: In person
