0:177:About HiveHive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative organizations.
1:144:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
2:144:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
3:144:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.
4:152:Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
5:85:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
6:67:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
7:107:Staff Software EngineerIn order to execute our vision, we need to grow our team of best-in-class engineers.
8:227:We are looking for developers who are excited about launching new products and features into production, who can work autonomously and aren’t afraid to try new technologies, and who don’t back down from the challenges of scale.
9:247:Our ideal candidate has experience building core services and web-based APIs from the ground up, cares just as much about the product itself as the technology that powers it, and is capable of both structuring and writing clean, maintainable code.
10:16:Responsibilities
11:1050:Design, implement or improve features in a variety of backend systems including our REST APIs, microservices, data ingestion and processing systems, and distributed task/job processing systems
 Write and maintain scalable, performant and secure code that can be shared across platforms
 Meaningfully contribute to the product and core backend systems by suggesting and executing improvements
 Improve engineering standards, tooling, processes and security
 Practice test-driven development
 Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
 Participate in on-call rotations, as needed, to ensure prompt and effective resolution of critical technical issues
 Utilize OWASP top 10 techniques to secure code from vulnerabilities
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority
12:20:Minimum Requirements
13:337:You have a Bachelor's Degree in computer science or a related field
 You have 8+ years of experience building web applications
 You have successfully implemented highly-available distributed systems/microservices
 You have delivered scalable backend APIs
 You have strong interpersonal and communication skills with a bias towards action
14:22:Preferred Requirements
15:330:Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field
 Hands on technical leadership experience leading project teams and setting technical direction
 Experience architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact
 Interest and ability to learn other coding language
16:111:Who We AreWe are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI company.
17:139:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
18:96:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.
19:65:Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
20:127:Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
21:110:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
22:106:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
23:123:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
24:69:Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $200,000.00 - $300,000.00 per year
Schedule:
25:16:Monday to Friday
26:24:Work Location: In person
