 
 2+ years of software development, or 2+ years of technical support experience 
 Experience scripting in modern program languages 
 Experience troubleshooting and debugging technical systems 
 The AWS Cloud Response Team is responsible for the security and availability of AWS Cloud services. Our primary focus is to ensure the security of our cloud products and continuously raise the security bar for our customers. This role requires Security Analysts to work with internal stakeholders to solve security challenges at massive scale, and to think strategically to develop and implement changes to drive automation, scalability, and continuous improvements across the organization. 

 We’re looking for talented IT and/or project management-savvy professionals with a passion for security who thrive in high pressure environments to help us continue to raise the security bar for cloud computing. 

 This role will be located in Seattle, WA. 

 
Successful candidates should:
 
 
 be able to understand technical vs. business risks and consistently drive internal engineering teams to take the correct actions to mitigate risks in a timely manner. 
 actively seek areas of opportunity to improve the Security Incident Handling Lifecycle, saving time/effort while continuously delivering higher-quality outcomes for the security of AWS customers. 
 demonstrate a mix of both broad and deep process and/or technical knowledge. 
 be passionate and knowledgeable in the fields of process improvement, risk assessment, network and operating system security, software security, and security operations. 
 possess a combination of troubleshooting, technical, and communication skills, as well as the ability to handle a mix of disparate tasks which may include small-project and software development work. 
 be comfortable exemplifying the Amazonian Leadership Principle of "Deliver Results" and "Bias for Action", challenging decisions and escalating when appropriate. 
 This role will provide career growth opportunities as you gain new security skills in the course of your duties. 

 Key job responsibilities 

 
 Manage security issues and engage with partner security teams and internal service teams to ensure timely remediation of issues, escalating as necessary to ensure appropriate levels of urgency and engagement. 
 Participate in efforts to promote security throughout the Company and build good working relationships within the team and with others across Amazon. 
 Demonstrate high capacity and tolerance for extreme context switching and interruptions while remaining productive and effective. 
 Proactive knowledge-sharing within the team and across the company. 
 About the team 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded security champion and enable them to take on more complex and higher-risk tasks in the future. 

 Our team also puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work. Our global on-call rotation ensures issues are handled 24x7 without the need to interrupt typical sleep schedules. 

 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, Learn and Be Curious, and Earn Trust. 

 We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Seattle, WA, USA 

 
 
 Knowledge of web services, distributed systems, and web application development 
 Experience troubleshooting & maintaining hardware & software RAID 
 Experience with REST web services, XML, JSON 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 

 Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $59,800/year in our lowest geographic market up to $150,300/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.