
 Overview: 
 
   Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center is an independent, nonprofit organization providing adult cancer treatment and groundbreaking research focused on cancer and infectious diseases. Based in Seattle, Fred Hutch is the only National Cancer Institute-designated cancer center in Washington.
 
 
 
   With a track record of global leadership in bone marrow transplantation, HIV/AIDS prevention, immunotherapy and COVID-19 vaccines, Fred Hutch has earned a reputation as one of the world’s leading cancer, infectious disease and biomedical research centers. Fred Hutch operates eight clinical care sites that provide medical oncology, infusion, radiation, proton therapy and related services, and network affiliations with hospitals in five states. Together, our fully integrated research and clinical care teams seek to discover new cures to the world’s deadliest diseases and make life beyond cancer a reality.
 
 
 
   At Fred Hutch we value collaboration, compassion, determination, excellence, innovation, integrity and respect. These values are grounded in and expressed through the principles of diversity, equity and inclusion. Our mission is directly tied to the humanity, dignity and inherent value of each employee, patient, community member and supporter. Our commitment to learning across our differences and similarities make us stronger. We seek employees who bring different and innovative ways of seeing the world and solving problems. Fred Hutch is in pursuit of becoming an anti-racist organization. We are committed to ensuring that all candidates hired share our commitment to diversity, anti-racism and inclusion.
 
 
 
   The Chief Data Officer of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, Jeff Leek, established the Fred Hutch Data Science Lab (DaSL) to develop and support the overall data strategy for the organization. The mission of the Data Science Lab to ensure an effective data ecosystem at Fred Hutch by developing a modern, well documented, well implemented, overall data strategy that evolves with the needs and capabilities of those leveraging data at Fred Hutch regardless of “where they live” from the clinic to the research groups. We believe focusing on people is critical in building a strong, dynamic community united around using data to improve human health and cancer care. To do this, we aim to build a diverse, hybrid team that is inclusive, open, collaborative, and supportive both within our team and with our collaborators (find more about our values and culture). We are strong advocates for open science and reproducible research, thus develop our work in the open as much as possible. We rely heavily on written communication and continuous collaboration in order to support our hybrid team, as well as make our work as accessible as scalably and sustainably as possible by Fred Hutch staff.
 
 
 
   The Cloud Data Engineer will provide additional cloud and data engineering expertise to DaSL to support cloud based projects large and small in DaSL’s portfolio including collaborations with other groups around the Fred Hutch. The person will work collaboratively with cloud teams in Information Technology and external technology partners to facilitate clinical and research data related projects. They will play a leading role in implementing cloud based tools for data governance and access as well as provide expertise to other members of the DaSL group in support of the ongoing development and pilots being lead by DaSL.
 
  
  Responsibilities: 
 
  Create data systems for DaSL to support Precision Oncology that integrates data from many sources both internal and external to provide multimodal data access for translational research
   Work with the DaSL prototyping team to develop cloud-based tools, training and support for a range of research projects on multiple cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure)
   Expand and generate additional structured data connectivity to allow non-EHR based clinical data of many forms to be managed in a central place and facilitate data access for research use cases.
   Work with researchers, data governance staff, and IT staff to develop and socialize processes (both automated and human) that improve data accessibility while adhering to established data sharing agreements.
   As this role serves as a primary cloud expert in the group, this person will participate in several long-running, infrastructure projects as well as consult on smaller, emerging DaSL projects.
   Mentor and train future DaSL analysts and research staff in best practices of documentation of analyses, appropriate use of data, and data engineering
  Qualifications: 
 
   MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
 
 
   Demonstrated commitment to valuing diversity and contributing to an inclusive working and learning environment
   Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, data science, or other related field
   Ability to prioritize written documentation and communication to facilitate a hybrid team (commensurate with level III/IV)
   Experience with cloud based data architectures and tooling in AWS, specifically Glue Catalog, Redshift, S3, Lake Formation, EC2, Batch.
   Experience with high performance computing via either cloud based or on-prem resources
   Experience with Python, R, SQL, Bash, or other scripting languages
   Advanced knowledge of GitHub, GitLab, or other CI/CD tools.
   Knowledge of Terraform, Ansible, or other infrastructure-as-code tools
   Strong candidates will be flexible and able to adapt to change, to work independently (commensurate with level III/IV), and as part of a multi-disciplinary group with DaSL staff as well as external partners
   Ability to effectively communicate asynchronously with collaborators and DaSL staff using Slack, Teams, and other software supporting documentation and sharing used in the group.
   Prior work experience in the above requirements: Minimum of 7 years for Cloud Data Engineer III or Minimum of 10 years for Cloud Data Engineer IV.
 
 
 
   PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
 
 
   Previous experience in a clinical or research setting dealing with sensitive or restricted data types either as a data engineer, architect or similar roles, or as a data analyst
   Previous experience communicating and presenting to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences
   Expertise with Google or Azure cloud services
   Expertise in developing and maintaining APIs, data integration processes/systems or data intensive web applications and working with downstream users of those data.
 
 
 
   Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center has a mandatory COVID-19 vaccine requirement, with exceptions only for approved medical or religious accommodations. As a condition of employment, newly hired employees must, prior to their first day of employment:
   
   
 
 
  Provide proof of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 ; OR
   Initiate the accommodations process to request a religious or medical accommodation (medical accommodations require a healthcare provider’s certification).
   
   
 
 
 
  A 
  statement
   describing your commitment and contributions toward greater diversity, equity, inclusion, and antiracism in your career or that will be made through your work at Fred Hutch is requested of all finalists.
 
 
 
   The annual base salary range for this position will be based on experience and qualifications.
 
 
   Cloud Data Engineer III annual base salary range for this position is from $111,748 to $176,634
   Cloud Data Engineer IV annual base salary range for this position is from $123,203 to $194,739 
 
 
  Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center offers employees a comprehensive benefits package designed to enhance health, well-being, and financial security. Benefits include medical/vision, dental, flexible spending accounts, life, disability, retirement, family life support, employee assistance program, onsite health clinic, tuition reimbursement, paid vacation (12-22 days per year), paid sick leave (12-25 days per year), paid holidays (13 days per year), paid parental leave (up to 4 weeks), and partially paid sabbatical leave (up to 6 months).
 
  
  Our Commitment to Diversity: We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) Employer. We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability (physical or mental), marital or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at hrops@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.
