0:Site Name: London The Stanley Building, Cambridge 300 Technology Square, San Francisco, USA - Washington - Seattle
   
  Posted Date: Jun 26 2023
   This role can be office based within the greater Seattle, WA
1:location.
2:The specific location of the Seattle office will be determined in the near future.
3:The Onyx Research Data Platform organization represents a major investment by GSK R&D and Digital & Tech, designed to deliver a step-change in our ability to leverage data, knowledge, and prediction to find new
4:medicines.
5:We are a full-stack shop consisting of product and portfolio leadership, data engineering, infrastructure and DevOps, data / metadata / knowledge platforms, and AI/ML and analysis platforms, all geared toward:
  
    Building a next-generation data experience for GSK’s scientists, engineers, and decision-makers, increasing productivity, and reducing time spent on “data mechanics”
    Providing best-in-class AI/ML and data analysis environments to accelerate our predictive capabilities and attract top-tier talent
    Aggressively engineering our data at scale to unlock the value of our combined data assets and predictions in real-time
  
   A Senior DevOps Engineer is a leading technical contributor who can consistently take a loosely defined business or technical requirement, architect and build it to a well-defined specification, and execute on it at a high
6:level.
7:They have a strong focus on metrics, both for the impact of their work and for its inner workings / operations.
8:As a Senior DevOps engineer, you will play a crucial role in ensuring our product teams produce reliable, scalable, and efficient infrastructure and applications.
9:You will collaborate closely with development and operations teams to implement best practices and drive continuous improvement.
10:Key responsibilities for the Senior DevOps Engineer include:
  
    Automate deployment, monitoring, and incident response processes using GCP-native tools and
11:technologies.
12:Collaborate with development teams to optimize application performance, reliability, and observability on GCP.
13:Implement and enforce Service Level Objectives (SLOs) and Error Budgets to ensure a balance between reliability and feature development.
14:Develop and maintain a comprehensive monitoring and alerting platform to detect and resolve issues proactively.
15:Collaborate with security teams to ensure compliance with security policies and implement necessary controls.
16:Stay updated with the latest industry trends and best practices in SRE, GCP, and cloud technologies, and contribute to process and infrastructure enhancements.
17:Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior team members, fostering a collaborative and knowledge-sharing culture within the organization.
18:Provides input into the roadmaps of teams representing upstream dependencies to help improve the overall program of work.
19:Why
20:you?
21:Basic Qualifications:
   We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
  
    Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software engineering or related field
    5 plus years of cloud experience
22:AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, Kubernetes)
    5 plus years of experience with Java, Python, Scala
    5 plus years of experience with tools like Jira and Confluence
  
  
   Preferred Qualifications:
   If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
  
    Deep knowledge and use of at least one common programming language:
23:Python, Scala, Java, including toolchains for documentation, testing, and operations / observability
    Deep expertise in modern software development tools / ways of working
24:(e.g.
25:git/GitHub, devops tools, metrics / monitoring, …)
26:Cloud experience
27:AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, Kubernetes), including infrastructure-as-code
    Application experience of CI/CD implementations using git and a common CI/CD stack
28:(e.g.
29:Jenkins, CircleCI, GitLab, Azure DevOps)
    Demonstrated excellence with agile software development environments using tools like Jira and Confluence
    Deep familiarity with the tools, techniques, etc relevant to their specialization area, including engagement with the open source community (and potentially making contributions to such tools)
  
  
   Why
30:GSK?
31:Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
32:These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork.
33:As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities: 
  
   Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
    Managing individual and team
34:performance.
35:Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
36:Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
37:Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
38:Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
39:Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
40:Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
41:Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
42:Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
43:#LI-GSK
   #GSKOnyx
  
   GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together – so we can positively impact the health of billions of people and deliver stronger, more sustainable shareholder returns – as an organisation where people can
44:thrive.
45:Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of 2030.
46:Our success absolutely depends on our
47:people.
48:While getting ahead of disease together is about our ambition for patients and shareholders, it’s also about making GSK a place where people can thrive.
49:We want GSK to be a workplace where everyone can feel a sense of belonging and thrive as set out in our Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees policy.
50:We’re committed to being more proactive at all levels so that our workforce reflects the communities we work and hire in, and our GSK leadership reflects our GSK workforce.
51:As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are open to all
52:talent.
53:In the US, we also adhere to Affirmative Action principles.
54:This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to neurodiversity, race/ethnicity, colour, national origin, religion, gender, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class*(*US only).
55:We believe in an agile working culture for all our
56:roles.
57:If flexibility is important to you, we encourage you to explore with our hiring team what the opportunities are.
58:Should you require any adjustments to our process to assist you in demonstrating your strengths and capabilities contact us on
59:Ukdiversity.recruitment@gsk.com or 0808 234 4391.
60:Please note should your enquiry not relate to adjustments, we will not be able to support you through these channels
  
   As you apply, we will ask you to share some personal information which is entirely
61:voluntary.
62:We want to have an opportunity to consider a diverse pool of qualified candidates and this information will assist us in meeting that objective and in understanding how well we are doing against our inclusion and diversity ambitions.
63:We would really appreciate it if you could take a few moments to complete it.
64:Rest assured, Hiring Managers do not have access to this information and we will treat your information confidentially.
65:Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
   GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this
66:site.
67:All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK.
68:The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK.
69:In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK.
70:GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
71:Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment.
72:This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements.
73:For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
