0:The Cloud Infrastructure team supports product engineering teams by providing cloud solutions architecture services and development of self-service tooling to enable efficient management of infrastructure
1:resources.
2:This role offers the opportunity to work across a range of technologies and includes hands-on development and people-focused enablement, providing both thought leadership and technical project
3:management.
4:We are seeking an expert in automating software delivery and infrastructure resource management.
5:The ideal candidate will have experience working in a mature DevOps, SRE and/or Cloud Infrastructure Engineering team within a diverse software engineering organization (100+
6:engineers).
7:You should have significant experience with AWS, CI/CD deployment strategies, observability tooling, containerization workflows (EKS), and development of full-stack web applications.
8:The Role You Will Have: 
 
  Build and maintain stable and secure development and production environments according to industry best
9:practices.
10:Act as a solution architect for product development teams in need of cloud infrastructure expertise.
11:Improve on our existing automated infrastructure management methodologies and platforms (Terraform IaC, AWS EKS, etc.)
12:Audit product development team’s existing SDLC workflows and production hosting architectures and develop remediation plans to bring them up to current industry and company standards.
13:Provide consulting and training services to development teams to improve their capability to effectively utilize available cloud technologies.
14:Contribute to internally developed enablement tools (Web UIs, CLIs, and APIs).
15:Participate in peer code and architecture review.
16:What You Will Bring:
 
   Expertise with AWS services, best practices, and solutions architecture
17:activities.
18:Proficient with IaC (Terraform) approaches to provisioning infrastructure resources (AWS required, GCP and Azure a plus).
19:Experience developing CI/CD workflows and exposure to a variety of best practices and tools such as Jenkins / GitHub Actions.
20:Demonstrated experience with container packaging strategies and containerization technologies.
21:Experience as a software developer (Python and JavaScript preferred) and enthusiasm for streamlining the software development lifecycle.
22:Practical experience with Docker containerization and workload orchestration (Kubernetes/ECS)
 
 
  What We Have to Offer:
 
   Competitive salary + bonus + equity
   Generous PTO + 11 company holidays
   Open sick time
   100% covered Medical, Dental, Vision for employees
   401k with match
   Health & Dependent Care Flex Spending Account
   Paid professional development
   Leadership & growth opportunities
   Virtual company and team building events
   #LI-AW1
   #LI-Remote
   #LI-Hybrid
   #BI-Hybrid
   #BI-Remote
 
 
 
   The
23:U.S.
24:base salary range for this full-time position is 
  $127,000 - $203,500 + bonus + equity +
25:benefits.
26:Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location.
27:The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all U.S.
28:locations.
29:Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
30:Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
31:Please note that the compensation details listed in U.S.
32:role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.
33:System1 offers flexible work arrangements for most employees (unless they hold positions which are identified as having to be 100% onsite in Marina del Rey, CA, Bellevue, WA or Guelph, ON
34:Canada).
35:Most System1 full-time employees choose to work in a hybrid environment, splitting their time between working in our offices and working remotely.
36:System1 allows fully-remote work in the following approved locations: Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Hawaii, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia.
37:Prospective U.S.
38:employees who live outside of any of these states will need to establish residency in one of the approved states prior to employment.
