0:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or equivalent 
 5+ years relevant work
1:experience.
2:5+ years of experience in RF design and/or verification 

 
 Solid knowledge of distributed version control systems (DVCS) such as
3:Git.
4:Experience in programming language such as Python, Java, C++ or
5:Shell.
6:Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and industry best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and
7:operations.
8:Project Kuiper is an initiative to launch a constellation of Low Earth Orbit satellites that will provide low-latency, high-speed broadband connectivity to unserved and underserved communities around the
9:world.
10:The Role 
We are looking for a skilled and enthusiastic engineer to support our team of Payload integration and verification engineers as we build next-generation communications systems for
11:space.
12:In this fast-paced role, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the related infrastructure used by these teams to create a broadband solution with global impact.
13:Creativity, problem-solving, and evaluating engineering trade-offs are all must-haves for this
14:role.
15:Audacious goals require persistent cleverness.
16:Our tools are critical to developer productivity, which means architecting a scalable, fault-tolerant system is
17:essential.
18:You will engage with experienced, cross-disciplinary staff to conceive and design innovative solutions.
19:You must be detail oriented, responsive, flexible and able to succeed within an open collaborative environment.
20:You will take part in designing solutions to hard problems, alongside a team of the world’s best engineers working toward one shared goal: seeing our satellites launching to form the world’s next global communications network.
21:Export Control Requirement 
Due to applicable export control laws and regulations, candidates must be a
22:U.S.
23:citizen or national, U.S.
24:permanent resident (i.e., current Green Card holder), or lawfully admitted into the U.S.
25:as a refugee or granted asylum.
26:Key job responsibilities 

 
 Responsible for the development and maintenance of key infrastructure to support a communications system team’s development and verification
27:work.
28:Analyzing and mitigating potential self-interference and other system interference
29:issues.
30:Implementing, validating, and optimizing RF lab set-ups composed of antenna, measurement equipment, and prototype
31:equipment.
32:Analyzing RF link budget / line-up for test set-ups and for the deployed system.
33:Configuring test equipment for automated operation: satellite link emulator, spectrum analyzer, signal generator,
34:etc.
35:Responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the CI/CD and related infrastructure 
 A day in the life 
Will work with other team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical
36:feasibility.
37:Driving your own projects, from design through planning to
38:execution.
39:Also work with teams across Amazon on cross-team initiatives.
40:Planning and coordinating feature improvements and
41:upgrades.
42:Analyzing and improving availability, efficiency, capacity, scalability, security and performance of our
43:services.
44:Developing and maintaining
45:tools.
46:We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Redmond, WA, USA 

 
 
 Experience in using modern CI/CD tools such as Bamboo, Jenkins,
47:Zuul.
48:Experience in managing complex build systems within Continuous Integration
49:setup.
50:Knowledge of Jira/ Confluence administration and development 
 Excellent customer service, communication, documentation, work prioritization and analytical
51:skills.
52:Ability and willingness to go above and beyond one’s comfort zone when it comes to about other services to help integrate and improve
53:them.
54:Tuning flows for
55:performance.
56:A strong understanding of the importance of data-driven decisions as well as how to create, store, and analyze large
57:datasets.
58:Passion to invent and create new solutions, challenge the status quo and drive positive
59:change.
60:Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive
61:workplace.
62:Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
63:For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
64:Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic
65:markets.
66:The base pay for this position ranges from $115,400/year in our lowest geographic market up to $212,800/year in our highest geographic market.
67:Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
68:Amazon is a total compensation company.
69:Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits.
70:For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits.
71:Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.
