0:Symetra has an exciting new opportunity to join our Emerging Solutions team as a Senior DevOps
1:Engineer!
2:Symetra has headquarters in Bellevue,
3:Washington.
4:It has over 2000 employees with more than $60 Billion in assets.
5:Established in 1957, and is well positioned to execute on growth plans.
6:At Symetra, we 're focused on building solutions which can help people gain financial
7:freedom.
8:We are disrupting Insurance industry.
9:We won 2021 Gartner Eye on Innovation Award for Financial Services and 2022 Celent Model Insurer Award.
10:We're creating new products to redefine the industry, and we invite you to join us in the adventure!
11:This is a unique opportunity to innovate and bring dependable solutions with delightful user experiences to our customers.
12:About the role
  
  
  You'll be joining an engineering team that is responsible for the care and feeding of an award-winning, high performing, reliable, secure, and scalable technology
13:platform.
14:This platform integrates best of the breed SaaS solutions in a cloud native environment complex architecture.
15:We are looking for engineers who are passionate, team players and poised to make difference.
16:You are proactive, thrive in a startup like environment with a strong sense of ownership and responsibility building customer focus product.
17:What you'll do in this role 
  
  You will lead Observability Platform for Swift Term and
18:Perm.
19:Build, implement and support Cloud applications in AWS Environments, and manage AWS Cost 
  You will work with various teams and departments to streamline and improve operational efficiency 
  Identify and proactively develop solutions to automate manual processes 
  Proactively work on identifying efficiencies and overall release process for AWS Lambda – shared lib management, cold start for lambda, mem allocations 
  You will ensure that systems are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats includes masking, encrypting,
20:etc.
21:You will create and manage logging, alerting framework, dashboards and
22:formats.
23:Make improvements API’s that are continuously deploy and update through an automated CI/CD
24:pipeline.
25:Perform root cause analysis of production errors, resolve technical issues and come with architecture design that would reduce errors 
  Design procedures for system troubleshooting and maintenance 
  Orchestrate resources to log/track/monitor the health of the distributed system 
  
 What will differentiate
26:you?
27:Proven past technical accomplishments and a GitHub link
  
  
  What we offer you 
 
   “If you want to invest in yourself and build a career, this is a great place to
28:work.
29:If you don't want to put in the effort to learn the industry and become a student of the business (it takes real effort!), there are easier places to work.”
30:Cris
31:H.
32:- AVP Internal Sales, Training and Development
 
  
  
 
   “Symetra is inclusive of all employees regardless of their personal
33:differences.”
34:Darrell
35:J.
36:- Actuary III
 
  
  
 
   “Symetra values
37:learning.
38:Symetra has so many resources - whether that is the Student of the Business courses, sponsorship of professional certifications, or just individual employees being so willing to teach and answer questions.”
39:Felicia
40:D.
41:- Financial Reporting Lead Senior Analyst
 
  
  
 
   Benefits and Perks
 
  
  
 
   We don’t take a “one-size-fits-all” approach when it comes to our
42:employees.
43:Our programs are designed to make your life better both at work and at home.
44:Flexible full-time or hybrid telecommuting arrangements 
  Plan for your future with our 401(k) plan and take advantage of immediate vesting and company matching up to 6% 
  Paid time away including vacation and sick time, flex days and ten paid holidays 
  Give back to your community and double your impact through our company matching
 
  
  
  Want more
45:details?
46:Check out our Symetra Benefits Overview
  
  
 
   Compensation
 
  
  
  Salary Range: $115,800 - $192,700 plus eligibility for the company annual bonus
47:program.
48:Your skills and experience 
  
  5+ years of combined software develops experience as engineer in an agile environment with excellent design, problem solving and debugging skills 
  2+ years of hands-on coding experience in languages – Python, TypeScript, etc 
  2+ years of experience building and deploying efficient code and creating complex architecture and experience in AWS Serverless deployment patterns 
  Good working knowledge of TypeScript is required 
  NoSQL (DynamoDB) for data management and database scheme design preferred 
  Experience with solving issues with little to no supervision, capable of analyzing, planning, designing and owning complex or vaguely defined issues 
  Collaborative attitude that incorporates various perspectives and puts customer before technology 
  Problem-solving attitude and collaborative team spirit 
  AWS certification will be a big plus 
  
 We empower
49:inclusion.
50:At Symetra, we aspire to be the most inclusive insurance company in the
51:country.
52:We’re building a place where every employee feels valued, respected, and has opportunities to contribute.
53:Inclusion is about recognizing our assumptions, considering multiple perspectives, and removing barriers.
54:We accept and celebrate diverse experiences, identities, and perspectives, because lifting each other up fuels thought and builds a stronger, more innovative
55:company.
56:We invite you to learn more about our efforts here.
57:Creating a world where more people have access to financial
58:freedom.
59:Symetra is a national financial services company dedicated to helping people achieve their financial goals and feel confident about the
60:future.
61:In our daily work, we’re guided by the principles of Value, Transparency and Sustainability.
62:This means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and openly so people understand what they’re buying, and we design products—and operate our company—to stand the test of time.
63:We’re committed to showing up for our communities, lifting up our employees, and standing up for diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI).
64:Join our team and help us create a world where more people have access to financial freedom.
65:For more information about our careers visit:
66:Work Authorization
  
  
  Employer work visa sponsorship and support are not provided for this
67:role.
68:Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States at hire and must maintain authorization to work in the United States throughout their employment with our company.
69:#LI-BW
  
  
  #REMOTE
