0:DevOps Engineer
  
  
 PRIMARY DUTIES:
  
  The Client Solutions Group reports to the office of the Deputy CIO for Technology and is responsible for delivering DevOps services which accelerate the delivery of both revenue-generating and internal
1:applications.
2:The DevOps group flexes to support business-lead software development while bring to bear best practices which streamline and fully automate the release management pipeline.
3:The successful candidate will engineer, install, configure, monitor, maintain and troubleshoot Deloitte's cloud applications and hosting platforms in an environment that embraces DevOps philosophes to empower the implementation of tools and processes which enable the rapid development and deployment of software, continuous integration/deployment, automated quality checks, and operational metrics that can be consumed by development
4:teams.
5:This position is responsible for execution, engineering, and operational tasks for applications and hosting platforms running in the Public and Private Cloud.
6:This responsibility includes both Server, Serverless, and Containerization services.
7:The position requires a strong understanding of hosting Cloud applications that leverage the Microsoft technology stack as well as a solid understanding of the Microsoft Windows Server platform as well as Linux based
8:distributions.
9:IaaS and PaaS application development/hosting experience is required and responsibilities will extend to PaaS services such as Azure Service Bus, Virtual Networking, Azure AD, Cloud Storage, and Azure Service Fabric.
10:This role works with operations and project teams to deliver production application support.
11:In performing this role, the successful candidate will work with in-house developers and production support teams to resolve platform operational issues for Hybrid and non-Hybrid Cloud applications.
12:An understanding of cloud platform troubleshooting techniques are a must for Azure, AWS, and GCP.
13:Additional position duties include:
  
 
  Install, configure, automate, and monitor various Cloud Services (IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS), IIS, and other web hosting
14:technologies.
15:Assist in-house development teams with application/platform integration issues such as security/permissions, Service configuration, and network issues (name resolution, firewall port flows, and load
16:balancing).
17:Devise and execute test plans to reproduce and validate problem root cause in non-production
18:environments.
19:Drive service recovery efforts by completing server/client log analysis, network traces and process profiling via
20:.NET profilers.
21:A working knowledge of web application troubleshooting and monitoring tools - such as Wireshark, Fiddler, HTTPWatch, LogParser, Perfmon, MS SCOM, OMS, and New Relic are desirable.
22:Identify virtual and physical infrastructure issues which impact the functionality of the application and hosting
23:platform.
24:A working knowledge of Active Directory, SQL server, firewalls, and load balancing solutions is desirable.
25:Perform operational engineering for activities which include platform upgrades, patching, monitoring, configuration, and
26:troubleshooting.
27:Provide periodic off-hours on-call support for production systems per team
28:rotation.
29:Leverage established system performance standards to support capacity management
30:objectives.
31:Implementation and periodic testing of business continuity plans for supported hosting
32:environments.
33:Communicate and troubleshoot issues across multiple stakeholders in the ITS
34:organization.
35:Interaction with people at a variety of technical and management levels will occur daily.
36:Identify opportunities to script operational procedures to reduce manual
37:effort.
38:PRIMARY COMPETENCIES:
  
 
  Have a clear understanding of paradigm difference between traditional datacenter and cloud
39:hosting.
40:The ability to understand the security and performance ramifications between the two is a must.
41:Understand cloud web hosting infrastructure architectures which utilize relational & NoSQL databases, scale-out/load balancing solutions, content caching techniques, shared directory services, and layered network security
42:models.
43:Experience with delivering full CI/CD pipelines as well as infrastructure as
44:code.
45:Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills, experience in a transactional high-volume, high availability production
46:environment.
47:Ability to handle multiple projects, self-reliant, self-motivated and possesses a "can do"
48:attitude.
49:Strong communication skills and the ability to contribute as a member of cross-functional virtual
50:teams.
51:Ability to learn and execute operational procedures in a timely
52:fashion.
53:Understand and execute standard IT service management process such as change, incident and problem
54:management.
55:Ability to automate operational
56:procedures.
57:Understand and implement industry accepted application/platform monitoring
58:approaches.
59:Understand how to create workflows to solve
60:problems.
61:Ability to create procedural
62:documentation.
63:PRIMARY QUALIFICATIONS:
  
 
  Must have at least 8 years of relevant IT experience supporting applications and hosting with two of the years pertaining to Cloud hosting (PaaS preferable) or 5 years of IT experience with an advanced
64:degree.
65:2 years of experience writing scripts in one or a combination of the following languages: C#, PowerShell, Perl, Unix Shell Scripting, Terraform, or JavaScript
66:2 years of experience managing systems in environments where IT service management frameworks are leveraged (based on ITIL, COBIT, MOF, or similar
67:frameworks).
68:Ability to travel 0-10%, on average, based on the work you do and the clients and industries/sectors you
69:serve.
70:Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the
71:future.
72:PREFERRED:
  
 
  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or relevant experience and
73:accomplishments.
74:Ability to work a schedule that accommodates on call support
75:hours.
76:Demonstrates a working understanding of web hosting infrastructure architectures, SDLC, basic programming practices, and core networking
77:principles.
78:Demonstrates a strong understanding of cloud application troubleshooting techniques and strategies including the ability to use a variety troubleshooting
79:tools.
80:Demonstrates the ability to manage multiple project deliverables on multiple projects
81:effectively.
82:Demonstrates excellent communication and reasoning
83:skills.
84:The wage range for this role takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational
85:needs.
86:The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled.
87:At Deloitte, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case.
88:A reasonable estimate of the current range is $93,000 to $191,000.
89:You may also be eligible to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program, subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors, including, without limitation, individual and organizational
90:performance.
