0:Description 
 The Performance Analytics Data Engineer designs and builds data solutions to support clinical and operational processes across Physician Enterprise and the Ambulatory Care Network.
1:The Senior Data Engineer is an advanced subject matter expert in designing advanced data sources, utilizing modern data structure tools and techniques that leverage various data delivery strategies such as cloud based computing, big data and data science.
2:The Senior Data Engineer provides data availability, movement (ETL) storage and execution in support of analytics, performance reporting and curated data.
3:A Senior Data Engineer has a demonstrated ability to mentor and assist less experienced Data Engineers.
4:Senior Data Engineers participate in research and recommendation of new technologies that support organizational and data solutioning changes.
5:The Senior Data Engineer is expected to perform all duties in a manner that promotes collaboration.
6:Providence caregivers are not simply valued – they’re invaluable.
7:Join our team at Providence Strategic And Management Services and thrive in our culture of patient-focused, whole-person care built on understanding, commitment, and mutual respect.
8:Your voice matters here, because we know that to inspire and retain the best people, we must empower them.
9:Required qualification: 
 
  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, MIS or similar field 
  9 years in data architecture, database design and optimization, data engineering and data extract transfer and load 
  Commercial ETL tool experience, Informatica or other 
 
 Preferred qualification: 
 
  Master's Degree 
  Strong Knowledge of Python object-oriented programming, Python design patterns, python packages, PySpark 
  3+ years strong experience querying large datasets using SQL, Python and/or scala Python, Jupyter Notebook, NumPy, Pandas, Apache Spark 
  Working experience on Azure Databricks and Azure Synapse 
  Strong knowledge of Azure platform (Implementing storage solution, implementing data processing solutions and monitoring/optimizing data processing solutions) 
 
 Salary Range by location: 
 NorCal (Napa, Sonoma) 
 Min: $56.97 Max: $93.51 
 Southern California, NorCal (Humboldt) 
 Alaska (Kodiak, Seward, Valdez) 
 Min: $52.30, Max: $85.85 
 WA Puget Sound 
 Oregon (Portland) 
 Alaska (Anchorage) 
 Min: $48.71, Max: $79.96 
 Oregon (Hood River, Medford, Seaside) 
 Min: $45.41, Max: $74.54 
 Eastern Washington (Richland, Spokane, Walla Walla) 
 Min: $43.34, Max: $71.15 
 Montana 
 Min: $39.22, Max: $64.37 
 Texas 
 Min: $37.15, Max: $60.98 
 Why Join Providence?
10:Our best-in-class benefits are uniquely designed to support you and your family in staying well, growing professionally and achieving financial security.
11:We take care of you, so you can focus on delivering our Mission of caring for everyone, especially the most vulnerable in our communities.
12:About Providence 
 At Providence, our strength lies in Our Promise of “Know me, care for me, ease my way.”
13:Working at our family of organizations means that regardless of your role, we’ll walk alongside you in your career, supporting you so you can support others.
14:We provide best-in-class benefits and we foster an inclusive workplace where diversity is valued, and everyone is essential, heard and respected.
15:Together, our 120,000 caregivers (all employees) serve in over 50 hospitals, over 1,000 clinics and a full range of health and social services across Alaska, California, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Washington.
16:As a comprehensive health care organization, we are serving more people, advancing best practices and continuing our more than 100-year tradition of serving the poor and vulnerable.
17:The amounts listed are the base pay range; additional compensation may be available for this role, such as shift differentials, standby/on-call, overtime, premiums, extra shift incentives, or bonus opportunities.
18:Check out our benefits page for more information about our Benefits and Rewards.
19:About the Team 
 Providence Shared Services is a service line within Providence that provides a variety of functional and system support services for our family of organizations across Alaska, California, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Washington.
20:We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise.
21:We are committed to the principle that every workforce member has the right to work in surroundings that are free from all forms of unlawful discrimination and harassment.
22:We are committed to cultural diversity and equal employment for all individuals.
23:It is our policy to recruit, hire, promote, compensate, transfer, train, retain, terminate, and make all other employment-related decisions without regard to race, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), national origin (including certain language use restrictions), ancestry, disability (mental and physical including HIV and AIDS), medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, marital status, age, sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, and military and veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status.
24:We will also provide reasonable accommodation to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified caregiver or applicant for employment, unless the accommodation would impose undue hardship on the operation of our business.
25:We are a community where all people, regardless of differences, are welcome, secure, and valued.
26:We value respect, appreciation, collaboration, diversity, and a shared commitment to serving our communities.
27:We expect that all workforce members in our community will act in ways which reflect a commitment to and accountability for, racial and social justice and equality in the workplace.
28:As such, we will maintain a workplace free of discrimination and harassment based on any applicable legally protected status.
29:We also expect that all workforce members will maintain a positive workplace free from any unacceptable conduct which creates an intimidating, hostile, or offensive work environment.
30:Requsition ID: 203470 
 Company: Providence Jobs 
 Job Category: Development/Engineering 
 Job Function: Information Technology 
 Job Schedule: Full time 
 Job Shift: Day 
 Career Track: Business Professional 
 Department: 4007 SS POPH INFCS 
 Address: WA Renton 1801 Lind Ave SW 
 Pay Range: $see posting - $see posting 
 The amounts listed are the base pay range; additional compensation may be available for this role, such as shift differentials, standby/on-call, overtime, premiums, extra shift incentives, or bonus opportunities.
31:Check out our benefits page for more information about our Benefits and Rewards.
32:Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
33:Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law.
34:
