0:372:5+ years of data engineering experience 
 Experience with data modeling, warehousing and building ETL pipelines 
 Experience with SQL 
 Experience in at least one modern scripting or programming language, such as Python, Java, Scala, or NodeJS 
 Experience mentoring team members on best practices 
 Amazon created one of the most sophisticated supply chains in the world.
1:156:From the introduction of Amazon Prime, to the use of advanced technology for package delivery, Amazon consistently drives change from the front of the pack.
2:180:Amazon is seeking a detail oriented Data Engineer to focus on simulation to assist with process improvement and facility design initiatives in our North American Sortation network.
3:157:Successful candidates will be natural self-starters who have the drive to design, model, and simulate new fulfillment center conception and design processes.
4:107:The Data Engineer will be expected to deep dive problems and drive relentlessly towards creative solutions.
5:165:This individual needs to be comfortable interfacing and driving various functional teams and individuals at all levels of the organization in order to be successful.
6:273:Perform data modelling using different discrete event simulation software’s, and use optimization techniques, research aptitude, and data analysis such as statistical analysis, regression analysis, Design of Experiments (DOE) etc. to drive decisions on process and designs.
7:156:This role requires a strong passion for customers, a high level of comfort navigating ambiguity, and a keen sense of ownership and drive to deliver results.
8:200:The ideal candidate will have experience in Science work, business analytics and have the aptitude to incorporate new approaches and methodologies while dealing with ambiguities in sourcing processes.
9:123:Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets.
10:127:You should have demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges.
11:95:You must be responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open collaborative environment.
12:113:Amazon’s culture encourages innovation and expects to take a high-level of ownership in solving complex problems.
13:26:Come help us make history!
14:24:Key job responsibilities
15:327:Design, develop, and simulate engineering solutions for complex material handling challenges considering human/equipment interactions for the North America sortation network 
 Retrieve, synthesize, and present critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answering specific questions or improving system performance.
16:71:Analyze historical data to identify trends and support decision making.
17:80:Provide requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, and pipelines.
18:53:Design, size, and analyze field experiments at scale.
19:87:Build decision-making models and propose solution for the business problem you defined.
20:73:This may include delivery of algorithms to be used in production systems.
21:137:Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication.
22:365:Utilize code (python or another object oriented language) for data analyzing and modeling algorithm 
 Develop, document and update simulation standards, including standard results reports 
 Create basic to highly advanced models and run "what-if" scenarios to help drive to optimal solutions 
 Analyze historical data to identify trends and support decision making.
23:87:Apply statistical or machine learning knowledge to specific business problems and data.
24:129:Improve upon existing methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters.
25:190:Provide requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, and pipeline 
 Ability to travel up to 25% 
 We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:
26:60:Bellevue, WA, USA | Nashville, TN, USA | Pittsburgh, PA, USA
27:176:Experience with big data technologies such as: Hadoop, Hive, Spark, EMR 
 Experience operating large data warehouses 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.
28:227:Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
29:132:For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
30:81:Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets.
31:142:The base pay for this position ranges from $123,700/year in our lowest geographic market up to $240,500/year in our highest geographic market.
32:134:Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
33:39:Amazon is a total compensation company.
34:223:Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits.
35:157:For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.
