0:About MAQ Software
  As 2021 Microsoft Power BI Partner of the Year, we enable leading companies to accelerate their business intelligence and analytics initiatives.
1:Our solutions enable our clients to improve their operations, reduce costs, increase sales, and build stronger customer relationships.
2:Our clients consistently recognize us for providing architecture and governance frameworks, implementing best practices to optimize reports, and building team capability through training programs.
3:Our innovative tools and 33 certified visuals expand Power BI capabilities to save time for decision makers.
4:As a premier supplier to Microsoft for two decades, our clients benefit from our extensive insights on the platform and engineering practices.
5:As a Microsoft Partner with 10 Gold competencies, our clients improve their implementations with our breadth and depth of expertise.
6:With globally integrated teams in Redmond, Washington, and Mumbai, Hyderabad, and NOIDA India, we deliver solutions with increased velocity and tech intensity.
7:Inc. magazine has recognized us for sustained growth by listing us on the Inc. 5000 list ten times – a rare honor.
8:Engineering culture
  We foster a strong engineering culture with a can-do attitude.
9:All our key managers come from excellent educational backgrounds and have significant experience growing a company and mentoring software engineers.
10:Due to our smaller size, we adopt the latest technologies and computing trends ahead of the larger industry players.
11:As a part of the company’s globally distributed engineering team, our engineers gain exposure to the latest software engineering practices and fast development cycles.
12:Our developers routinely work on challenging technical problems that utilize the latest technologies for fast-paced software delivery.
13:Examples of some of our projects:
  
   We built a supervised machine learning model that forecasts the impact of retail sales on our client’s overall revenue.
14:We collected data from existing customer relationship management (CRM) and sales systems.
15:We created a forecasting model in Azure Databricks using existing and custom linear regression to process the collected data.
16:To reduce forecast runtime and achieve near real-time analysis, we modified the existing R libraries to SparkR.
17:The improved insight helped our client proactively focus on retailers with the highest sales impact.
18:We built a check-in app for one of our client’s most attended event.
19:A multinational technology company organizes an annual multi-event internal expo attended by thousands of their employees.
20:The manual process of tracking attendance, sending acknowledgments, and receiving feedback was time consuming.
21:To automate the process, we built a check-in app that uses mobile devices’ camera to capture the identification badge of each participant.
22:The captured images are stored in an Azure Blob.
23:An Azure Logic App reads the image content utilizing Optical Character Recognition (OCR) API to update attendance records.
24:After the event, notifications are sent to attendees via Microsoft Teams to complete a feedback survey using a Microsoft Power Automate Bot.
25:The Feedback App reports the survey responses to determine the Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) score of the event.
26:For another client with high volume data, we developed and implemented a hybrid data processing solution using Azure Stream Analytics and Azure Databricks to reduce data refresh time from 3 hours to less than 30 minutes.
27:We sourced data from the Azure Event Hub, where refreshes originate.
28:Refreshes are captured through stream analytics and the updated data is pushed to Azure Data Lake Storage (ADLS).
29:The data is processed in ADLS, then pushed to Power BI for reporting.
30:To read about some of our recent projects, visit https://maqsoftware.com/case-studies
 
  Responsibilities:
  Analyze existing systems (30%)
 
  Collect requirement specifications to analyze business processes and determine the exact nature of user’s system requirements, map process flow, discuss with module leaders and core team members to decide on the architecture.
31:Analyze existing system structures to provide solutions to improve computer systems to use cloud-based systems and services.
32:Analyze user requirements to match data available to large computer database source systems to implement solutions at reasonable performance and cost.
33:Design the processing steps and propose new systems based the user’s requirements.
34:Interact with systems analysts/programmers to develop data migration tools, create processes for the new computer system and attend to ad-hoc issues related to day-to-day activities.
35:Work with software developers in the implementation and testing phase.
36:Develop specifications and workflow (25%)
 
  Prepare software specifications, flow charts, and process diagrams for software programmers to follow.
37:Develop and maintain systems documentation such as design specifications, user manuals, technical manuals, descriptions of application operations, and methodology documentation.
38:Analyze feasibility using commercially available software systems (e.g., Microsoft Azure versus Amazon Web Services) and reporting systems (e.g., Power BI versus Tableau).
39:Analyze and verify implementation (25%)
 
  Interact with systems analysts/programmers to develop data migration tools, create processes for the new computer system and attend to ad-hoc issues related to day-to-day activities.
40:Work with other software developers in the implementation and testing phase.
41:Setup test environment and compare data from multiple sources to verify reports for end users.
42:Review implementation status and reporting (10%)
 
  Participate in technical collaboration meetings and periodical reviews of implementation status.
43:Report weekly task plan to the project management team for implementation of custom software.
44:Training and certifications (10%)
 
  Participate in technical trainings and complete relevant industry courses and certifications.
45:Qualifications:
  Undergraduate or graduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering, Applied Computational Math Sciences or related Engineering discipline.
46:Benefits & Salary:
  
   Annual pay range $80,000 - $120,000.
47:Paid time off.
48:Comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance with employee premiums paid in full.
49:401(k) retirement plan with 3% company match and immediate vesting.
50:
