0:Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be and take their careers to levels they cannot achieve anywhere else.
1:This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and the sky is the limit thinking a cloud-enabled world.
2:Microsoft’s Intelligence Platform engineering team is leading the transformation of analytics in the world of data with products like Power BI, Synapse Analytics, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Explorer.
3:We will bring the world’s data to the Microsoft Cloud, power a new class of data first applications, and empower everyone on the planet to make better decisions with data.
4:We do not just value differences or different perspectives.
5:We seek them out and invite them in so we can tap into the collective power of everyone in the company.
6:As a result, our ideas are better, our products are better, and our customers are better served.
7:Azure Data Platform is quite possibly one of the most exciting Microsoft services today, frequently in the news, growing its user base very rapidly, and making waves across the industry.
8:The Admin & Governance team delivers scalable and data driven products and features that are core for Azure data.
9:This work is designed to ensure that customers experience exceptionally fast service interactions and can efficiently manage any azure data service for their organization.
10:We rely on numerous Azure technologies like Service Fabric, SQL Azure, REDIS cache, Service Bus, API Management, blob storage, Document DB, Azure Data Lake, Kusto, containers, etc.
11:We are building and expanding world-class services and platform that combines big data, mission critical services, and real-time insights.
12:This combination makes the area among the most cutting-edge across the entire industry!
13:We are looking for passionate people with experiences working with all service aspects of high throughput and multi-tenant services, ability to design components carefully, properly handle errors, write clean and well-factored code with good tests and good maintainability.
14:Responsibilities
 
   Design high quality components in C# using clean and tested code.
15:Integrate Azure technologies to achieve high scale and reliability.
16:Lead architecture, design, and develop features and solutions with high quality
   Design, implement, and refine chosen solutions in close partnership with Product Management and partner teams
   Review and contribute to the specifications and implementations written by other team members
   Provide technical leadership across features, projects, service fundamentals and tools
   Mentor new engineers to bring them up to speed in software development environment
   Provide support to online services by investigating and mitigating issues
 
  Qualifications
  Required Qualifications
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
   
     OR equivalent experience.
17:Experience with cloud service development
   Technical problem solving and debugging skills.
18:SQL experience required
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
19:These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check.
20:This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
21:Preferred Qualifications
 
 
   4+ years of experience of C# (preferred), Java or C++.
22:Experience building highly performant scalable services.
23:Experience designing and implementing automated tests, including unit tests and integration tests.
24:Effective communication skills.
25:Familiarity with big data, machine learning and data analytics would be a bonus.
26:Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $112,000 - $218,400 per year.
27:There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $145,800 - $238,600 per year.
28:Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation.
29:Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
 
 
   #azdat
 
  
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer.
30:Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances.
31:If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
32:
