0:The Data team leverages data from our autonomous vehicles and operations to determine autonomy and service readiness.
1:We provide the foundation for strategic decision-making at Zoox.
2:You will develop and implement the next generation of our data pipeline to ensure visibility into our business as we scale toward the launch of an autonomous mobility service.
3:You will define the system and build the pipeline to enable Zoox to develop and scale with a data-first culture.
4:You will join a diverse, experienced team with rapidly growing scope and responsibility while also having access to one of the most unique data sets in the autonomous vehicle industry.
5:Hence, we are seeking all skill levels to grow with the team.
6:Responsibilities
   
    
      Design, build, and maintain a platform used by Zoox teams to build large-scale data pipelines
      Drive platform efficiency improvements to reduce latency and improve data freshness
      Support data-driven engineering decisions through improved observability and key metrics
      Partner with engineering teams to support long-term scaling of their data pipelines
    
   
  
  
 
  
   Requirements
   
    
      Strong fluency with Python, C/C++, or Java
      Good experience building and maintaining production systems at scale
      Good experience with streaming technologies (e.g. Kafka, Kinesis)
      Good experience with relational databases and non-relational (NoSQL) databases
      Good experience with infrastructure-as-code tools (e.g. Terraform, …)
      Strong written and verbal communication skills
    
   
  
  
 
  
   Bonus Qualifications
   
    
      Experience with data warehouse platforms (e.g. Redshift, BigQuery, Databricks, …)
      Experience building scalable and maintainable data pipelines
      Experience with AWS ECS and/or Kubernetes
      Experience with a workflow manager such as Airflow
    
   
  
  
 
  
   $164,000 - $234,000 a year
  
  
 
  
   Compensation
  
  
    There are three major components to compensation for this position: salary, Amazon Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), and Zoox Stock Appreciation Rights.
7:The salary will range from $164,000 to $234,000.
8:A sign-on bonus may be part of a compensation package.
9:Compensation will vary based on geographic location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
10:Zoox also offers a comprehensive package of benefits including paid time off (e.g. sick leave, vacation, bereavement), unpaid time off, Zoox Stock Appreciation Rights, Amazon RSUs, health insurance, long-term care insurance, long-term and short-term disability insurance, and life insurance.
11:Vaccine Mandate
  
  
    Employees working in this position will be required to have received a vaccine approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and/or the World Health Organization.
12:In addition, employees who are eligible for a COVID-19 booster vaccine (“Booster”) will be required to receive a Booster.
13:Employees will be required to show proof of vaccination status upon receipt of a conditional offer of employment.
14:That offer of employment will be conditioned upon, among other things, an Applicant’s ability to show proof of vaccination status.
15:Please note the Company provides reasonable accommodations in accordance with applicable state, federal, and local laws.
16:About Zoox
  
  
    Zoox is developing the first ground-up, fully autonomous vehicle fleet and the supporting ecosystem required to bring this technology to market.
17:Sitting at the intersection of robotics, machine learning, and design, Zoox aims to provide the next generation of mobility-as-a-service in urban environments.
18:We’re looking for top talent that shares our passion and wants to be part of a fast-moving and highly execution-oriented team.
19:Follow us on LinkedIn
  
  
  
    A Final Note:
  
  
    You do not need to match every listed expectation to apply for this position.
20:Here at Zoox, we know that diverse perspectives foster the innovation we need to be successful, and we are committed to building a team that encompasses a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and skills.
21:
