0:165:Job Summary and Mission
 
  
  
 
 
  This position contributes to Starbucks success by managing the planning and execution of activities of a Data Engineering Team.
1:147:As a manager in data engineering, you are responsible for managing a team of data engineers through planning, delivery and operations of solutions.
2:34:This is a hands on technical role.
3:151:You are also responsible for the evolvement, delivery and support the technology strategy and roadmaps for new and existing applications and platforms.
4:114:This role requires managerial experience, technical expertise, domain proficiency, platform depth, and leadership.
5:64:Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.
6:466:Summary of Key Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
   
 
 
   
  Leadership– Setting goals for the work group, developing organizational capability, and modeling how we work together:
   
 
 
   
  
   Identifies and communicates key responsibilities and practices to ensure the immediate team of direct reports promotes a successful attitude, confidence in leadership, and teamwork to achieve business results.
7:85:Supports the implementation of company programs to ensure the success of the Company.
8:160:Accountable for delivery of development and operational efforts of the team by ensuring efforts are staffed, structured, budgeted and prioritized appropriately.
9:152:Provides technical leadership to the team by introducing technical topics, sponsoring opportunities for innovation and recognizing technical excellence.
10:373:Coaches and mentors cross functional team members in learning new skills and technologies 
  
 
 
   
  Planning and Execution– Developing strategic and operational plans for the work group, managing execution, and measuring results:
   
 
 
   
  
   Prepares, communicates, and educates client groups and team on changes in policies and practices within the organization.
11:150:Plans and manages business unit and department processes and practices to ensure that programs are aligned with company business goals and objectives.
12:124:Collaborates effectively in planning, decomposing, estimating, scheduling, prioritization and resource allocation exercises.
13:54:Organizes and leads teams through agile methodologies.
14:269:Technical Design and Implementation – Providing technical expertise and executing technical responsibilities:
   
 
 
   
  
   Leads and influences cross functional teams in exploratory efforts with new technologies and solutions that are relevant to the organization.
15:63:Manages the technical team through the solution design process.
16:149:Leverages and develops talent on the team through all phases of project efforts, including requirements gathering, assessment and backlog refinement.
17:105:Shapes and guides systems approach, manages project initiation, technical design and development efforts.
18:87:Ensures data engineering has appropriate design patterns and coding standards in place.
19:142:Directs team toward secure, durable, scalable, flexible, and accessible solutions that proactively mitigate against production support issues.
20:45:Cultivates a test-driven development culture.
21:130:Ensures application development team establishes standards and requirements for automated test coverage per platform capabilities.
22:95:Grows and improves platform offering and coverage for continuous build and integration testing.
23:266:Partner Development and Team Building – Providing partners with coaching, feedback, and developmental opportunities, and building effective teams:
   
 
 
   
  
   Provides partners with coaching, feedback and developmental opportunities and builds effective teams.
24:65:Challenges and inspires team members to achieve business results.
25:73:Ensures partners adhere to legal and operational compliance requirements.
26:117:Oversees training and development of partners directly and indirectly managed and makes effective staffing decisions.
27:127:Provides coaching, direction and leadership support to team members in order to achieve partner, business and customer results.
28:0:
29:220:/div>
  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
30:127:We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences.
31:123:We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities.
32:97:People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
33:146:Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances.
34:109:Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities.
35:122:If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
36:0:
