0:88:About Assurance
  
  
    Assurance IQ is a technology company headquartered in Seattle.
1:121:We were acquired by Prudential (NYSE: PRU) to further the joint mission of improving financial wellness across the world.
2:165:Our team of world class software engineers, data scientists, and business professionals work every day to expand our product offerings and the reach of our platform.
3:133:We simplify the complex world of insurance and financial services into straightforward, valuable solutions to improve people's lives.
4:223:We start by asking customers a few questions, so our system can learn about their needs; from there, our ground-breaking, proprietary platform takes over and analyzes the thousands of data points that make customers unique.
5:112:This is how we create custom-tailored plans for each customer; plans built precisely for their needs and budget.
6:101:Our platform serves as the intersection between customer and seller, technology, and the human touch.
7:148:At Assurance, we are innovative, persevering, collaborative, calculated, and authentic, and we're working together to improve the lives of millions!
8:136:About the Position
  
  
    As we build the future of consumer insurance in a modern age, data is at the core of everything that we do.
9:187:The role requires team members who are adept at building software tools to move and organize data with an approach that is rooted in improving the insights and efficiency of the business.
10:161:Our team uses a variety of data mining and analysis methods, a variety of data tools, builds and implements models, develops algorithms, and creates simulations.
11:149:Our Data Engineers design and build the backbone that makes this development possible with no support from engineering (we own our stack end to end).
12:124:At Assurance, we hire experts in their field, and we give them the independence and trust to build based on their expertise.
13:285:To be successful in this role, you must possess the following:
   
    
      Experience with Python and SQL
      Experience in data modelling
      Business Acumen – you are always eager to understand how the business works, and more specifically, how your work impacts the business.
14:445:Comfort with QA’ing your own data, to include ‘menial tasks’ like listening to calls or scrubbing excel files to ensure everything is correct
      Comfort with learning new technologies to help the team explore new solutions to existing problems
      Excellent communication ability – you can explain your work in a way that anyone on the team can understand, and you can frame problems in a way that ensures the right question is being asked.
15:171:Enthusiastic yet humble – you are excited about the work you do, but you are also humble enough to embrace feedback – you don’t need to be the smartest person in the room.
16:84:Bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, data science or related field of study.
17:185:The following additional experience is desired: 
   
    
     You have a proven ability to drive business results by building the right infrastructure that enables data-based insights.
18:83:You are comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams.
19:165:The right candidate will have a passion for enabling the discovery of solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
20:106:We’re growing at a rapid pace, so it’s important that you embrace the opportunity to blaze your own trail.
21:99:You thrive in a fast-paced environment where priorities can shift rapidly as we corner opportunity.
22:62:You can work independently, with little oversight or guidance.
23:146:Note: Assurance is required by multiple state and city laws to include the salary range on position postings when hiring in those specific locals.
24:141:The salary range for this position will be between $130,000-$170,000 and may be eligible for additional bonus or commission plans + benefits.
25:239:Eligibility to participate in the bonus or commission plans is subject to the rules governing those programs, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors including, without limitation, individual and/or organizational performance.
26:122:In addition, employees are eligible for standard benefits package including paid time off, medical, dental and retirement.
27:0:
