
 Meta is seeking a Performance & Capacity Engineer to join the Capacity Engineering & Analysis team to focus on site-wide performance and capacity optimization at the intersection of all Meta products and services, and all physical infrastructure (Servers, Data Centers, Network). This role will focus on creating and optimizing global and regional capacity plans at various altitudes to balance service, infrastructure, financial, and business constraints, directly managing $billions of investment per year. We do this primarily by building software and mathematical optimization models, not manual planning.This role will be uniquely positioned to optimize these capacity plans at the most strategic levels with company level impact by utilizing a combination of capacity/performance engineering and/or operations research/data science skills. This is one of the most cross functional roles at the company, with the opportunity to work with a variety of engineering and business teams to power the rapid growth of Meta’s products. This engineer will help to ensure optimal operation of our infrastructure from both a cost and technology perspective, with millions of servers, Gigawatts of data center capacity, and cutting edge technology including advanced AI, Metaverse, etc. Help build one of the largest fleets, powering one of the largest internet services in the world! This position is full-time.
  
  
  
 Performance & Capacity Engineer - Capacity Planning Optimization Responsibilities:  
 
  Own capacity planning for all of Meta: all software products/services and plans for how to scale server and data center resources most efficiently.
   Develop and analyze various business and technical scenarios to drive the highest levels of executive decision making around infrastructure/product, up to the CxO level.
   Partner across the engineering technical landscape to optimize at the intersection of hardware, infrastructure, and software. Work closely with software service owners, Production Engineering, Server Hardware Engineering, Server Supply Chain, Network Engineering, Data Center Design, Operations, and Planning teams to find the most optimal ways to scale our infrastructure and place our services.
   Partner with Finance to balance cost efficiency with technical and product considerations.
   Build automated, scalable, and rigorous solutions to large-scale web, mobile and data infrastructure problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art automation, mathematical optimization, and/or AI models using Meta’s unparalleled data infrastructure.
   Work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, build analytical models and make recommendations to drive change and optimization at the most strategic levels.
   A lot of other cool work: Identify capacity-related issues proactively and work across technical and business teams to define and implement solutions.
 
  
  
  
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
   Proficient in any coding language and designing software systems
   Desire to learn about capacity planning and optimization
   Experience to manage ambiguity, effective intellectual curiosity
 
  
  
  
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
   MS or PhD in Computer Science, Operations Research, or other technical field
   Experience with mathematical optimization
   Practical experience and demonstrated success in performance or capacity engineering
   Experience working with distributed systems at scale
   Experience with planning and analytics
   Experience working with variety of technical and non technical teams
   Direct experience in capacity planning for a major private or public cloud
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment. 
   
   Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
 
