
 
  As a Software Engineer II on the HPC (High Performance Computing)/AI (Artifical Intelligence) team, you'll have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technology that powers our cloud AI supercomputers (Azure High Performance Computing documentation | Microsoft Learn). You will be working directly with GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) and other accelerators, delivering world-class performance and enabling breakthroughs in industry, research, and Artifial Intelligence. Join us and help shape the future of high-performance computing!
 
 
 
   As a Software Engineer II, you will play a critical role in delivering and maintaining the infrastructure for our cloud supercomputers and enabling the revolution of AI. You will be responsible owning the delivery and burn-in of clusters into Azure independently, ensuring that the hardware is stable for customers to run their applications. This will involve working closely with hardware vendors and other teams to ensure that the clusters are properly configured and optimized for performance across CPU (Central Processing Unit), accelerators, and network infrastructure.
 
 
 
   In addition, you will be responsible for automating the quality process and debugging issues as they arise, ensuring successful resolution. This will involve developing and maintaining tools and processes to automate testing and ensure that quality is built into every step of the development process. You will also work closely with other teams to diagnose and resolve issues, and to ensure that our customers have a seamless experience using our cloud supercomputers.
 
 
 
   Your attention to detail will be critical in this role, as you will be responsible for ensuring that quality is always front and center. This will involve reviewing code and configurations, and working with other teams to identify and address any issues that arise. You will also be responsible for documenting processes and procedures, and for ensuring that our team is following best practices and standards for software development and deployment.
 
 
 
   This opportunity will allow you to participate in a highly agile and fast paced environment of High Performance Computing, accelerate your career growth and be part of the AI revolution.
 
 
  Responsibilities
 
   You will work with stakeholders to determine user requirements for a set of features.
   Contributes to the identification of dependencies, and the development of design documents for a product area with little oversight.
   Creates and implements code for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable.
   Contributes to efforts to break down larger work items into smaller work items and provides estimation.
   Acts as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) working on-call to monitor system/product feature/service for degradation, downtime, or interruptions and gains approval to restore system/product/service for simple problems.
 
  Qualifications
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python.
   
     OR equivalent experience.
   
 
 
 
   Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
 
 
  Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
 
 
 
   Additional or Preferred Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
   
    OR Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
    OR equivalent experience.
   
   Experience with large scale and distributed system automation/execution frameworks.
   Passion for automation and debugging complex issues.
 
 
 
   Software Engineering IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $94,300 - $182,600 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $120,900 - $198,600 per year.
   
   Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
  
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
