
 
  
   Snap Inc.
   is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
 
 
 
  
    Snap Engineering
   teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well-being of everyone in our global community, which is why
  
    our values
   are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront.
 
 
 
   We're looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join Snap!
 
 
 
   What you’ll do:
 
 
  
   
     Build, optimize, and deploy state-of-the-art machine learning models for computer vision products
   
  
   
     Create models which help drive value for users, advertisers, and our company
   
  
   
     Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and research in machine learning & computer vision and apply this knowledge to tackle complex problems in innovative ways
   
 
 
 
   Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
 
 
  
   
     In-depth understanding of common machine learning and deep learning algorithms
   
  
   
     Skilled at designing, training, and analyzing neural networks for computer vision applications
   
  
   
     Strong computer science fundamentals with proficiency programming in python and/or C++
   
 
 
 
   Minimum Qualifications:
 
 
  
   
     Bachelor’s in a related technical field such as computer science or equivalent years of experience
   
  
   
     3+ years of industry experience with large-scale customer-facing AI products
   
  
   
     Experience applying machine learning models to one or more of the following areas: computer vision, AR/VR, video understanding, or generative AI
   
  
   
     Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, JAX, or TensorFlow
   
 
 
 
   Preferred Qualifications:
 
 
  
   
     Advanced degree in machine learning, computer vision, or related field
   
  
   
     Experience contributing to AI publications at top conferences such as (e.g. ICLR, ICML, AAAI, NeurIPS, CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, SIGGRAPH)
   
  
   
     Experience with machine learning infrastructure, distributed systems, and recommendation systems
   
  
   
     A proven passion for machine learning; you stay up-to-date with research and are excited about prototyping new ideas quickly
   
 
 
 
   Compensation
 
 
   In the United States, work locations are assigned a pay zone which determines the salary range for the position. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These pay zones may be modified in the future.
 
 
  
   
    
      Zone A (CA, WA, NYC)
    : The base salary range for this position is $175,000 - $250,000 annually
   
  
   
    
      Zone B
    : The base salary range for this position is $166,000 - $238,000 annually
   
  
   
    
      Zone C
    : The base salary range for this position is $149,000 - $213,000 annually
   
 
 
   This position is eligible for equity in the form of RSUs
 
 
 
   "Default Together" Policy at Snap: At Snap Inc. we believe that being together in person helps us build our culture faster, reinforce our values, and serve our community, customers and partners better through dynamic collaboration. To reflect this, we practice a “default together” approach and expect our team members to work in an office at least 80% of the time (an average of 4 days per week).
 
 
   If you are not based in the same location(s) listed for this role and are open to relocation, we encourage you to apply to take advantage of our generous relocation policy.
 
 
 
   At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com.
 
 
 
  
    Our Benefits
  : Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid parental leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long-term success!
 
