
 
  Senior Software Engineer - Windows User Experiences Engineering Team
 
 
 
   You might have seen recent announcements about the integration of AI Experiences in Windows - do you want to be on the core team that’s building these new, magical and compelling features that will revolutionize how people engage with Windows? Do you want to work with a fun, diverse and geo-distributed team that will be at the heart of the AI innovation in Windows?
 
 
 
   If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you!
 
 
 
   The Windows User Experiences team is responsible for driving innovation for new marquee user interfaces used by Windows customers around the world. We’re looking for a collaborative, inclusive and customer obsessed Senior Software Engineer to help us build the future of AI-powered Windows Experiences to delight Windows customers as we enable them to achieve more.
 
  Responsibilities
 
   As a Senior Software Engineer in the Windows User Experiences Engineering team, you will be responsible for using C++, WinRT and WinUI to design, develop, test, and deploy high-quality software solutions for Windows users.
 
 
 
   You will have the opportunity to collaborate with a diverse and supportive group of Developers, Program Managers, UX Designers, AI/ML Scientists and User Researchers to deliver features that leverage AI technologies (such as speech, vision, natural language processing, and machine learning - and more) in an integrated, seamless and polished fashion. You will also have an opportunity to contribute to the overall technical vision and strategy of the “architectural how” of how we build a scalable architecture with great fundamentals (such as performance, power, reliability).
 
  Qualifications
 
   Required Qualification:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, or C#
   
     OR equivalent experience.
   
   2+ years experience in software development using WinUI or XAML
 
 
   Preferred Q
  ualifications:
 
 
 
  
   
     Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 8+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, or C#
   
   
    
     
       OR Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 6+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, or C#
     
    
     
       OR equivalent experience
     
   
   Enthusiasm for designing and developing high quality Windows User Experiences that are powered by cutting edge AI technologies
 
 
   Hands on experiences with software engineering principles and best practices such as design patterns, code quality, testing, debugging, etc.
 
 
   Experience in the full development lifecycle of deploying software at scale
 
 
   Solid communication and collaboration skills
 
 
   Ability to work independently and as part of a cohesive and supportive team
 
 
   Experience in developing features and user experiences that use AI technologies such as speech, vision, natural language processing, or machine learning are a bonus
 
 
 
   Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $112,000 - $218,400 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $145,800 - $238,600 per year.
   
   Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
  
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
