 
 3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience 
 Experience programming with at least one software programming language 
 Non-Prime Delivery Experience (NPDX) owns systems that powers the Worldwide (WW) shopping experience on Amazon app and Retail website. We are responsible for WW Non-Prime customers (~52% of total shopper base) and build innovative products such as Targeted Delivery Upgrades, Adaptive Delivery Experience, etc. from ground up leveraging state-of-art technologies. We pride ourselves in making data driven decisions that delight our customers and helps spin the Amazon Prime flywheel. We evangelize the use of technology to launch top of the funnel customer facing products WW by exploring Machine Learning opportunities while implementing latest AWS offerings like Lex, Glue, X Ray, CDK constructs (Infrastructure as a code), server less computing (Fargate, Lambda). In addition, NPDX team owns the Core Free Shipping platform and the Global Product Prioritization framework which will offer you an opportunity to work with diverse teams - both Business and Technology (such DEX Artificial Intelligence team, DEX Economists, and Principal Engineers) across multiple Amazon marketplaces including EU, LATAM and NA. This is a unique space where you will be challenged to build large scale distributed services/platforms but also have a significant influence on NPDX overall strategy by helping define the product features, drive system architecture, and spearhead best practices. 

 Key job responsibilities 

 
In this role, you will:
 
 
 Build highly extensible software systems to meet the rapid growth of Amazon's delivery business and capabilities. 
 Evolve and build services that are highly reliable and extremely low latency 
 Design the direction of the checkout delivery experience working with multiple, different teams across the company 
 Build the next generation systems for representing delivery choices to enable rapid experimentation in the area of User Experience 
 A day in the life 
You will be working in a fast-paced environment, on a team of smart software engineers, to design and build the right technical solutions to meet the needs of the business. You will have direct ownership over the design of new components aimed at improving the platform's extensibility, scalability, availability, and latency. We care about both delighting customers and high quality software; we don’t sacrifice one for the other. We’re looking for someone with a demonstrated track record of highly-scalable, global software solutions. 

 We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: 

 Bellevue, WA, USA | Seattle, WA, USA 

 
 
 3+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations experience 
 Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 

 Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $115,000/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.