

 
  Life at Capgemini 
   Capgemini supports all aspects of your well-being throughout the changing stages of your life and career. For eligible employees, we offer: 
   
   Flexible work 
   Healthcare including dental, vision, mental health, and well-being programs 
   Financial well-being programs such as 401(k) and Employee Share Ownership Plan 
   Paid time off and paid holidays 
   Paid parental leave 
   Family building benefits like adoption assistance, surrogacy, and cryopreservation 
   Social well-being benefits like subsidized back-up child/elder care and tutoring 
   Mentoring, coaching and learning programs 
   Employee Resource Groups 
   Disaster Relief 
  
  About Capgemini Engineering 
   World leader in engineering and R&D services, Capgemini Engineering combines its broad industry knowledge and cutting-edge technologies in digital and software to support the convergence of the physical and digital worlds. Coupled with the capabilities of the rest of the Group, it helps clients to accelerate their journey towards Intelligent Industry. Capgemini Engineering has more than 55,000 engineer and scientist team members in over 30 countries across sectors including Aeronautics, Space, Defense, Naval, Automotive, Rail, Infrastructure & Transportation, Energy, Utilities & Chemicals, Life Sciences, Communications, Semiconductor & Electronics, Industrial & Consumer, Software & Internet. 
   Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 360,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion. 
   Get the Future You Want | www.capgemini.com 
   Disclaimer 
   Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
   This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. 
   Capgemini is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodation, please reach out to your recruiting contact.
   
   
   Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. 
   Capgemini discloses salary range information in compliance with state and local pay transparency obligations. The disclosed range represents the lowest to highest salary we, in good faith, believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting, although we may ultimately pay more or less than the disclosed range, and the range may be modified in the future. The disclosed range takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including, but not limited to, geographic location, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, performance, sales or revenue-based metrics, and business or organizational needs. At Capgemini, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role. The base salary range for the tagged location is [ $65,200 -$158,550 yr) This role may be eligible for other compensation including variable compensation, bonus, or commission. Full time regular employees are eligible for paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and any other benefits to eligible employees. Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, or any other form of compensation that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law
 
 
 
   Job description: 
   What you’ll do:
   
   
   As, a Senior Engineer- SRE, you will be responsible for 
   § Design, architect and create the documentation for the entire system down to the details to meet team needs. Proactively create and review team contributions of documentation within your domain of expertise. 
   § We will code entire software solutions to solve current problems, identify and fix issues within their areas of expertise. Participate as a CODEOWNER within their expertise and customer throughout in code-reviews. 
   § Automate unit, integration, and end to end testing solutions and incorporate with the testing team flow. Be able to own your code in pre-production and ensure quality. Deploy your solutions across environments and platforms, including production releases! 
   § We will teardown old solutions, products, and resources when no longer needed. Provide operational support of your deployed code and all code within your domain of expertise. Resolve issues within the entire team and prevent problems from occurring. Coordinate across all business teams to identify, resolve, mitigate and prevent technical issues, risks, and provide solutions. Other job-related duties as assigned!
   
   
   What you’ll have:
   
   
   § 4-year degree in Computer Science or related field with demonstrated ability 
   § 3+ years of shown experience with C#, .NET core, .NET. 
   § 2+ years of experience with Native languages, C++ / C etc. 
   § 3+ years of experience in AWS (EC2, Lambda, S3, CloudWatch. 
   § 3+ years (CFN, API Gateway, DDB, IAM, SNS) 
   § Proven experience in CICD tools (Source Control, Build, Deploy) 
   § 3+ years (GitHub, Jenkins, Spinnaker) 
   § Demonstrated ability in DevOps deployments. 
   § Ability to solve high complexity issues. 
   § Communicate across all teams within the organization to provide solutions. 
   § Ability to take a given problem and complete a solution.
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Job Programmer/Analyst
 
 
   Schedule Full-time
 
 
   Primary Location US-WA-Redmond
 
 
   Organization ERD PPL US
 
