
 
  Microsoft Azure is at the center of Microsoft’s cloud services strategy and the future of Microsoft. Azure brings together virtualization, compute, storage, authentication, authorization, artificial intelligence and machine learning, media and more to enable anyone to bring their business into the cloud. The Azure Security engineering organization focuses on ensuring that Azure is the most secure platform in the world and delivers a secure experience for millions of users worldwide.
 
 
 
   We are seeking a diligent, insightful, and creative Security Engineer to help discover, diagnose, analyze, quantify, characterize, and drive solutions for the most challenging security problems in Azure through a data-driven, product-driven lens. In this role, you will advance security by working with other Security Engineers, Program and Product Managers, Developers, and business leaders throughout Microsoft to turn individual findings into vulnerability patterns and insights that can be measured and managed through engineering, automation, and other appropriate mitigations. You will help identify the most demanding security problems through original research and data analysis, and help design and deliver practical solutions at scale for select products and services. This role is not confined to any area of technology; rather, you will work up and down the stack, across platforms, operating systems, languages, and frameworks, using your broad security skills to solve problems in unfamiliar domains. 
 
 Responsibilities
 
   Key responsibilities include:
 
 
   Vulnerability discovery and variant hunting. In partnership with others, you will use and apply the best available and most appropriate methodologies, including threat modeling, penetration testing, security design analysis, fuzzing, SAST and DAST, etc. to discover and identify security problems. You will examine chosen target systems in detail, looking for vulnerabilities and weaknesses, performing variant hunting to identify larger patterns, conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis over those patterns, and driving solutions upstream in a data-driven, shift-left fashion.
   Solution design and delivery: You will help design solutions for security problems and partner with service teams and other security stakeholders to ensure rapid adoption of solutions and mitigation of threats from beginning to end.
   Software development: You will prototype and create tools and scanners to automate the discovery and prevention of vulnerabilities across Azure products and services.
   Follow through and closure. You will partner with engineers, product and program managers, and leaders around the company to ensure the successful completion of work to address your findings.
   Threat modeling / Architecture reviews: You will review the design of services from a security perspective to identify vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the architecture, make appropriate recommendations, and guide teams to implement those recommendations.
 
 
 
   We do not expect that any individual knows all the technologies that are in scope for this role, rather we are looking for someone who can quickly translate their technical skills from one domain to another; find, assemble, and inspire the relevant technical experts from across the company; and communicate effectively about technical and business risks to engineering and executive leadership.
 
 
   
 
 Qualifications
  Required Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Risk Management, Cyber Security, or related field OR equivalent experience or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
   
     OR equivalent experience
   
   1+ year(s) experience in software development lifecycle, large scale computing, modeling, cyber security, anomaly detection
 
 
  Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
 
 
  Preferred Qualifications:
 
   2+ years experience in software development lifecycle, large scale computing, modeling, cyber security, anomaly detection (enterprise experience)
   
     OR Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Risk Management, Cyber Security, or related field
     
       OR equivalent experience.
     
   
   Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certification, Security+ Certification, or relevant certification.
   Technical understanding of a broad set of technologies and the ability to learn new information
   Demonstrated communication skills, the ability to collaborate within a diverse team, and the ability to work independently.
   Security domain knowledge and acumen.
 
 
 
   Software Engineering IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $94,300 - $182,600 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $120,900 - $198,600 per year.
   
   Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
 
 
   #AzureSecCSS
 
 
   #AzureSecOpen
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
