
 
  Want to get up every morning knowing that the work you do makes the world a better, safer place? 
  The Windows Privacy, Compliance and Trust team is seeking a 
  Principal Software Engineer to deliver Windows features that will help hundreds of millions of people worldwide protect their privacy while using Microsoft's industry leading AI products. This role will work across product and technical boundaries to build intuitive privacy features that are easy to use, protect customers, and position Windows at the forefront of the AI revolution. If you've ever wished that your Windows device made it easier to protect your privacy, understand how your data is being used, or control who gets access to sensitive info about your device—join us now to build and ship products which re-define best-in-class privacy for our customers.
 
 
 
   This is an exciting role with opportunities to drive impact on a global scale, delight millions of customers, and support strong business growth while working on AI products. Building customer trust is mission-critical for Windows and Microsoft's success as we build a new, AI-driven future. Come join our team and help make Windows the most trusted AI-driven OS on the planet.
 
  Responsibilities
 
  
    Design, build and manage features for highly scalable services and responsive UI.
    Create feature specifications in co-ordination with your feature team.
    Review and influence ongoing design, architecture, standards and methods for operating services and systems; assess design and code changes to drive improvements.
    Improve service engineering excellence.
    Improve transparency and monitorability of services.
  
 
  
  Qualifications
 
 
   Required/Minimum Qualifications
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline AND 6+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
   
     OR equivalent experience.
   
   2+ years experience with code repositories (including but not limited: GitHub, Azure DevOps), branching and tagging strategies, and understanding of CI/CD pipelines.
 
 
 
   Additional or Preferred Qualifications
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 10+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
   
     OR Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 8+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
     OR equivalent experience.
   
   1+ Year React JS, ReactNative or XAML experience.
   1+ Year service driven UX experience
 
 
 
   Software Engineering IC5 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $133,600 - $256,800 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $173,200 - $282,200 per year.
 
 
 
   Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
