
 
  We are building the Senior Cloud Advocate team in Azure engineering. Our global team is excited to support and contribute to open source platforms, tools, and processes. We’re spreading awareness of Azure and enabling developers to write, code, and learn. As a Senior Cloud Advocate, you’ll be instrumental in building a large and vibrant community for Python at Microsoft.
 
 
   
 
 Responsibilities
 
   Responsibilities:
 
 
 
   Create content, blog posts, videos, and code samples for audiences of varying levels that demonstrates AI (Artificial Intelligence) scenarios using Azure or Visual Studio Code.
   Champion relevant Azure and Visual Studio Code products and services in the scientific Python community at conferences, meetups, hackathons, forums, and on social media. 
  Network and build relationships with the developers in your local community and demonstrate and promote Python tools and services at Microsoft. 
  Build relationships and help promote and foster developer communities.
   Collect and prioritize product feedback and technical blockers with engineering and product teams. 
  Work with internal product teams to provide relevant and actionable feedback from the perspective of a Python developer, adhering to well-known best practices, tools, and techniques. 
  Building and/or contributing to key OSS projects and building cool, useful, or productive apps. 
  Use data, experiments, and customer feedback to improve the effectiveness of work.
   Integrates relevant data on product usage, product telemetry, and service data together to identify complex patterns, generate hypotheses, and build a plan to change the product.
   Determines and leads process improvements to quickly scope insights.
   Ensures alignment between the customer, the market, internal stakeholders, and the goals of and strategy of Microsoft.
   Collaborates with others (e.g., Engineering, Marketing, Design) to ensure that they can satisfy customer requirements.
   Partners with the engineering team to contribute, prioritize, and deliver on the roadmap for multiple feature areas (e.g., product, service). 
  Understands the value proposition for the multiple feature areas and answers technical questions on the multiple feature areas they own
   Acts as a technical advisor to educate and evangelize the feature areas (e.g., product, service) they work on with customers via meetings, presentations, and other forums.
 
  Qualifications
 
 
   Required Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree AND 4+ years experience in engineering, product/technical program management, data analysis, or product development
   
     OR equivalent experience.
   
   2+ years experience managing cross-functional and/or cross-team projects.
   2+years of experience and a demonstrable technical background in Python for AI, as well as common tools and frameworks used by developers and researchers.
 
 
   Other Requirements:
 
 
   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
   
    Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
   
 
 
   Preferred Qualifications:
 
 
   Bachelor's Degree AND 8+ years experience in engineering, product/technical program management, data analysis, or product development
   
     OR equivalent experience.
   
   6+ years experience managing cross-functional and/or cross-team projects.
   1+ year(s) experience reading and/or writing code (e.g., sample documentation, product demos).
 
 
 
   Technical Program Management IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $112,000 - $218,400 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $145,800 - $238,600 per year.
   
   Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay
 
  
  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
