0:About Hive
Hive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative organizations.
1:The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month.
2:Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries.
3:Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.
4:Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others.
5:We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices.
6:Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
7:DevOps and Systems TeamOur unique machine learning needs led us to open our own data centers, with an emphasis on distributed high performance computing integrating GPUs.
8:Even with these data centers, we maintain a hybrid infrastructure with public clouds when the right fit.
9:As we continue to commercialize our machine learning models, we also need to grow our DevOps and Site Reliability team to maintain the reliability of our enterprise SaaS offering for our customers.
10:Our ideal candidate is someone who is able to thrive in an unstructured environment and takes automation seriously.
11:You believe there is no task that can’t be automated and no server scale too large.
12:You take pride in optimizing performance at scale in every part of the stack and never manually performing the same task twice.
13:Responsibilities
14:Automate manual operational processes
 Improve workflows of developer, data, and machine learning teams
 Manage secure integration and deployment tooling
 Create, maintain, monitor, and audit secure infrastructure
 Manage a diverse array of technology platforms, following best practices and procedures
 Participate in on-call rotation and root cause analysis
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority
15:Requirements
16:Minimum 3 - 5 years of previous experience in development, operations, IT, or a related field
 Comfortable working on Linux infrastructures (Debian) via the CLIAble to learn quickly in a fast-paced environment
 Able to debug, optimize, and automate routine tasks
 Able to multitask, prioritize, and manage time efficiently independently
 Able to physically lift equipment at least 30 pounds
 Can communicate effectively across teams and management levels
 Degree in computer science, or similar, is an added plus!
17:Technology Stack
18:Operating Systems - Linux/Debian Family/Ubuntu
 Configuration Management - Chef
 Containerization - Docker
 Container Orchestrators - Mesosphere/Kubernetes
 Scripting Languages - Python/Ruby/Node/Bash
 CI/CD Tools - Jenkins
 Network hardware - Arista/Cisco/Fortinet
 Hardware - HP/SuperMicro
 Storage - Ceph, S3
 Database - Scylla, Postgres, Pivotal GreenPlum
 Message Brokers: RabbitMQ
 Logging/Search - ELK Stack
 AWS: VPC/EC2/IAM/S3
 Networking: TCP / IP, ICMP, SSH, DNS, HTTP, SSL / TLS, Storage systems, RAID, distributed file systems, NFS / iSCSI / CIFS
19:Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI company.
20:At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco.
21:The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.
22:Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
23:Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance.
24:Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness.
25:In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
26:Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
27:Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $160,000.00 - $250,000.00 per year
Schedule:
28:Monday to Friday
29:Work Location: In person
