0:Key job responsibilities:
1:Provision and manage AWS infrastructure, including EC2, CloudFormation Templates, AppStream, and Load Balancers.
2:Build dash boarding and alarming to drive Operational Excellence.
3:Work with a wide range of technologies, and AWS products.
4:Build AWS Application Environments including VPC, EC2, RDS, SSM, S3.
5:Architect and setup infrastructure on AWS and AWS gov-cloud environments.
6:Analyze and Support setup of new devices connectivity to applications.
7:Monitor network connectivity between all internal and external systems.
8:Work closely with Application leads to understand needs and plan for infrastructure demands.
9:Drive automation of routine tasks to help scale the operations.
10:Maintain hardware architecture documentation for all infrastructure and networking components.
11:Support Identity and Access Management (IAM) initiatives building highly secure working environments.
12:You will work collaboratively with internal security teams and key stakeholders to intake requirements and deliver a customer obsessed IAM experience.
13:Basic Qualification
14:Bachelor’s Degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science or related field, or relevant work experience.
15:4+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering.
16:4+ years of experience with focus in areas such as systems, network and/or application security.
17:4+ years of experience with web protocols and Linux/Unix tools and architecture.
18:4+ year experience building scripts, tooling, and automation for large-scale computing environments using Python, Java, PHP, Ruby, or Bash/Shell.
19:Experience communicating with technical and non-technical stakeholders at all levels across multiple business units.
20:Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering measurable results in an agile environment.
21:Preferred Qualifications:
22:5+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering.
23:Demonstrable expertise around specifying, designing, and/or implementing system health, performance monitoring tools, and software management tools for 24x7 environments.
24:Practical knowledge of Role-based identity management including SPML and SAML protocols for provisioning.
25:Experience in the Identity and Access Management field with Practical experience in LDAP and AD implementations in support of enterprise directory services.
26:Familiarity with AWS Cloud Security controls and deployment
 Excellent problem-solving skills and development of creative solutions
 Understanding of design for scalability, performance, and reliability.
27:Automation, testing or monitoring framework development experience.
28:Understanding of common network and federated authentication protocols like Kerberos, OAUTH, NTLM, OIDC, SAML, FIDO, etc.
 Expertise in directory schema design and data integration
29:Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:
30:401(k)
 401(k) matching
 Dental insurance
 Employee discount
 Flexible schedule
 Flexible spending account
 Health insurance
 Health savings account
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Referral program
 Retirement plan
 Tuition reimbursement
 Vision insurance
31:Compensation package:
32:Hourly pay
33:Experience level:
34:5 years
35:Schedule:
36:8 hour shift
37:Ability to commute/relocate:
38:Redmond, WA 98052: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
39:Work Location: Hybrid remote in Redmond, WA 98052
