0:Senior Electrical Engineer
Job Type: Full-timeSchedule: 8-hour shift, Monday through FridayOffice Location: Seattle,
1:WA.Salary: Commensurate with experience, target range $140K-$170K.
2:Job Description
RPA Engineering is searching for a Senior Electrical Engineer to support one of our clients in Bothell,
3:WA.
4:The role provides onsite electrical project management support for capital and major-maintenance engineering projects.
5:The candidate will focus on production of construction documents, including drawings and specifications for a variety of projects.
6:The role can expand into supporting other clients in the same geographical area.
7:Education & Experience
Required
8:B.S.
9:Electrical Engineering.
10:Equivalent work experience may be accepted for otherwise well-qualified candidates.
11:Professional Engineer (PE) licensure in the state of Washington.
12:6+ year of electrical engineering experience.
13:Strong technical background with power distribution and design.
14:Able to design electrical systems in addition to drafting/modeling skills.
15:Experienced in managing contract resources and working with outside suppliers.
16:Proficiency with electrical codes including the NEC and NESC.
17:Advanced skills in MS Word, MS Excel, MS Project.
18:Advanced skills in Revit and AutoCAD.
19:Preferred

 SKM or ETAP software
20:experience.
21:Capable of multi-tasking, interacting with other resources to accomplish tasks and a highly organized individual.
22:Tasks, Responsibilities, and Utilized Skills

 Preparation and/or modification of one-line drawings, sketches, bills of materials, panel schedules, schematics, wiring termination drawings, lab layout, and cable
23:routing.
24:Field walkdown of client sites, equipment, and panels.
25:Sizing of conduits, sizing of cables for power distribution, data systems, and telecommunications equipment.
26:Interact productively with clients, managers, contractors, and coworkers within the company.
27:Review of contractors’ and vendors’ shop drawings and submittals.
28:Preparation of contractor’s scope of work and bid documents.
29:Ability to work independently and collaboratively with multi-disciplinary teams.
30:Self-starter who takes direction well and is driven.
31:Company Benefits

 Excellent work-life balance and flexible work schedule
 Growth opportunities within the organization
 Paid time off, sick time, and overtime
 401(k) matching
 Insurance plans (health, dental, vision, life,
32:etc.)
33:RPA Engineering is a professional engineering consulting firm offering comprehensive mechanical, electrical and process engineering, machine design, structural analysis services, project management, and
34:CQV.
35:Operating for more than 30 years, RPA provides high quality, cost-effective engineering and design services from its multiple locations; and onsite corporate services.
36:RPA Engineering was named in 2010 to the Inc.
37:5000 list of fastest growing U.S.
38:based entrepreneurial companies.
39:As part of the list, RPA Engineering was named as one of the top 100 Engineering firms in the country.
40:RPA Engineering is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer of protected veterans (M/F/D/V).
41:Attention Search Firms / Third Party Recruiters: RPA Engineering is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for employment opportunities with RPA Engineering.
42:Regardless of past practice, all resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at RPA Engineering via e-mail, the Internet or directly to hiring managers at RPA Engineering in any form without a valid written search agreement in place for a specific position will be deemed the sole property of RPA Engineering, and no fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by RPA Engineering as a result of the referral or through other means.
43:Posting #: 23-009
Job Type: Full-time
Pay:
44:-
45:per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 401(k) matching
 Dental insurance
 Flexible schedule
 Health insurance
 Paid time off
 Referral program
 Retirement plan
 Vision insurance

Schedule:

 8 hour shift
 Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

 Bothell, WA: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Experience:

 electrical engineering: 6 years (Required)

Language:

 English (Required)

License/Certification:

 PE license in the state of Washington (Required)

Work Location: In person
