0:Exciting Hybrid role for a Sr Sales Engineer with experience supporting Govt, Medical, Education clients for a Broadband provider
This candidate may have the ability to live in WA, OR or CA.
1:Responsibilities:
2:Collaborate with Account Teams to provide technical sales support and develop proposals for Enterprise product suite.
3:Attend customer meetings to understand requirements and recommend appropriate solutions.
4:Prepare technical proposals, including network topologies, drawings, specifications, and pricing requests.
5:Act as a technical liaison from pre-sales to post-sales, building relationships with customers.
6:Stay updated with industry technology trends through self-study, training, and certifications.
7:Provide technical training and development to support Enterprise Account teams.
8:Maintain product knowledge and update training materials for the Sales Engineering organization.
9:Exhibit a professional demeanor, strong communication skills, and the ability to work in a team environment.
10:Travel within the assigned territory as needed.
11:Requirements:
12:Minimum 5-7 years of experience supporting telecommunications services to Strategic accounts or a combination of Enterprise IT experience.
13:Proven track record in building and executing technical solutions and sales strategies for Strategic accounts.
14:Expertise in at least one of the products and/or services.
15:Strong networking knowledge, including IP routing protocols (MPLS, BGP, VPN), Cable industry technologies (DOCSIS, PON, CMDW), SD-WAN, and Voice/Unified Communications technologies.
16:Familiarity with optical networks (TDM, CWDM, DWDM) and Layer 1 Access Networks (Optical, Hybrid Fiber Coaxial, Twisted Pair Copper).
17:Experience with Layer 2 and Layer 3 networking and protocols (Switching, VLANs, Spanning Tree Protocol, Routing protocols, Security).
18:Previous experience supporting Enterprise, Carrier, and ISP customers, and familiarity with MAN/WAN technologies.
19:Knowledge of IP Transit, Peering, TCP/IP, and Border Gateway Protocol (BGP).
20:Understanding of Voice networking technologies such as VoIP, PRI, SIP, TDM, and Hosted PBX.
21:Ability to work with industry-specific sales channels (medical, strategic, financial, etc.).
22:Strong computer skills, including MS Office, Google G-Suite, Visio, and CRM tools (Sugar, SalesForce).
23:Attention to detail, organizational capabilities, and good time management skills.
24:Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
25:At least one certification supporting the product and/or services (Cisco, Ciena, AWS, Microsoft, Adva, etc.).
26:**Candidate will have successfully passed a Background Check.
27:Start date is contingent on client**
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:
28:401(k)
 Dental insurance
 Health insurance
 Life insurance
 Vision insurance
29:Schedule:
30:Monday to Friday
31:Supplemental pay types:
32:Bonus pay
33:Experience:
34:SD-WAN: 2 years (Required)
 Ethernet: 2 years (Required)
35:Willingness to travel:
36:25% (Required)
37:Work Location: Hybrid remote in Kirkland, WA 98033
