0:Company Description
  It all started with an idea at Block in 2013.
1:Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic ecosystem, developing unique financial products, including Afterpay/Clearpay, to provide a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our 47 million monthly active customers.
2:We want to redefine the world’s relationship with money to make it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible.
3:Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward innovation, collaboration and impact.
4:We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates.
5:No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.
6:Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.
7:app/careers.
8:Job Description
  The Team
  Our mission is to make Cash App Card the primary card of choice by building delightful and differentiated end-to-end experiences across ordering, managing cards and conducting every day spend.
9:In 2022, we shipped the Gift Cards feature which allows customers to easily send and receive a digital gift card through Cash App.
10:Gift cards with an active balance are automatically applied to transactions at the associated merchant resulting in a frictionless and meaningful experience for customers.
11:In the first quarter of 2023, we launched the ATM Finder feature making it simple and convenient for customers to locate and use a fee-free ATM.
12:In June 2023, we launched the Mood card - a thermochromic card that can be customized with a personalized design which makes for a unique and delightful experience.
13:For the 2nd half of 2023, we will be rolling out card spending controls and insights to allow customers to track and control their spending.
14:We will also be launching additional Card types that are fun, personalizable and can be proudly shared with your friends and family.
15:The Job
  As part of the mobile engineering team for Cash App Card, you will be responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of our new products.
16:You will collaborate closely with server engineers and our cross-functional partners in Product and Design.
17:Cash App Card is a core part of the Cash App business and has over 20 million monthly active users.
18:You will have opportunities to design and build product features that delight our customers and provide meaningful value.
19:You will:
 
   Craft durable, well-tested code with an unwavering commitment to product quality
   Learn to craft gorgeous, pixel-perfect UI and animations
   Deliver features to tens of millions of customers, shipping at a fast and exciting cadence
   Build new functionality into an app designed to provide real value to its customers
20:Qualifications
  You have:
 
   Experience creating readable, well-crafted, and maintainable code
   Experience voicing customer feedback into product solutions (engineering makes substantive contributions to product definition)
   A commitment to continuous improvement (yourself, your teammates, your software)
   Eager to share your own ideas and open to the ideas of others.
21:Technologies we use and teach:
 
   Swift, Objective-C, Kotlin (believe it!
22:— we collaborate directly with our friends on Android)
   UIKit, CoreAnimation, SQLite, Accessibility
   Unit tests, snapshot tests, integration tests
   Protocol buffers
 
  Additional Information
  Block takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location.
23:U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area.
24:The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions.
25:These ranges may be modified in the future.
26:Zone A: USD $167,300 - USD $204,500 Zone B: USD $158,900 - USD $194,300 Zone C: USD $150,600 - USD $184,000 Zone D: USD $142,200 - USD $173,800
 
  To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource.
27:If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information.
28:Full-time employee benefits include the following:
 
   Healthcare coverage (Medical, Vision and Dental insurance)
   Health Savings Account and Flexible Spending Account
   Retirement Plans including company match
   Employee Stock Purchase Program
   Wellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance
   Paid parental and caregiving leave
   Paid time off (including 12 paid holidays)
   Paid sick leave (1 hour per 26 hours worked (max 80 hours per calendar year to the extent legally permissible) for non-exempt employees and covered by our Flexible Time Off policy for exempt employees)
   Learning and Development resources
   Paid Life insurance, AD&D, and disability benefits
   Additional Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources
 
  These benefits are further detailed in Block's policies.
29:This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus.
30:Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies.
31:Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
32:US and Canada EEOC Statement
  We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace.
33:Block is a proud equal opportunity employer.
34:We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
35:We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process.
36:We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible.
37:Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square?
38:Check out our I+D page.
39:Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
40:Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services.
41:Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy.
42:Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services.
43:With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin.
44:Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects.
45:Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans.
46:TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.
47:
