0:255:WHO WE ARE:
 EOS IT Solutions is a Global Technology and Logistics company, providing Collaboration and Business IT Support services to some of the world’s largest industry leaders, delivering forward-thinking solutions based on multi-domain architecture.
1:167:Customer satisfaction and commitment to superior quality of service are our top business priorities, along with investing in and supporting our partners and employees.
2:130:We are a true International IT provider and are proud to deliver our services through global simplicity with trusted transparency.
3:250:POSITION OVERVIEW:
 We’re looking for an experienced and energetic IT engineer to work within our team, helping to build out, maintain, and troubleshoot a growing infrastructure that supports the seamless collaboration of a large global organization.
4:146:Must be willing to easily pick up new concepts and ways of doing typical IT tasks and able to work in a dynamic and rapidly expanding environment.
5:80:Job also involves pre-scheduled weekly on-call rotations which include weekends.
6:390:WHAT YOU'LL DO:
 
 
 Support and drive escalation 
 Provide status updates 
 Work with vendors on proof-of-concept and beta deployments 
 Daily task management 
 Deploy and manage infrastructure through CLI-based infrastructure-as-code 
 Automate tasks whenever possible 
 Work with other teams and vendors to facilitate timely updates and to get assistance in drilling down to root causes.
7:684:Able to communicate clearly with a wide audience 
 Address and resolving security vulnerability reports on both Windows and Linux 
 
WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO SUCCEED:
 
 
 4-5+ years’ experience in the IT systems engineer, infrastructure, or operations role 
 Must have experience with Coding, preferable React or Python, but strong coding in general is okay 
 Proven and hands-on experience with both Windows and Linux operating systems 
 Managing and deploying applications and virtual machines with a ‘software or infrastructure as a service’ mentality 
 Ability to think outside the box and work independently on solving issues within various IT fields and retaining help if necessary.
8:71:Managing and deploying redundant or clustered application environments.
9:124:Network configuration experience with IPAM/DNS/DHCP mgmt. tools such as Infoblox/Bluecat and managing firewall/access rules.
10:42:System vulnerability and patch management.
11:91:2+ years of systems automation experience in either Powershell, Bash, Chef, and/or Ansible.
12:106:Experience with pulling metrics and usage data through the use of 3rd party application offered REST APIs.
13:187:1-2 years of programming experience in Python, PHP or other similar languages preferred 
 Experience supporting a developer environment including understanding change and version control.
14:85:Understanding database data pipelines and maintaining SQL or SQL-like infrastructure.
15:191:Familiar with analytics and log aggregation into tools such as Splunk or Tableau 
 
PLUSES WOULD BE:
 
 
 Experience in the A/V, Collaboration, video conferencing, or call center environment.
16:72:Experience in an Identity services, permissions, or access control role.
17:71:Server, network, and storage performance benchmarking and optimization.
18:93:Experience in reverse engineering and upgrading legacy application and scripted environments.
19:119:EOS is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
20:296:We invite you to consider opportunities at EOS regardless of your gender; gender identity; gender reassignment; age; religious or similar philosophical belief; race; national origin; political opinion; sexual orientation; disability; marital or civil partnership status or other non-merit factor.
