0:Wilson Engineering is a leading civil engineering consulting company in northwestern Washington State.
1:We are seeking an experienced water and/or wastewater engineer to join our team in Bellingham, WA.
2:Skills we are looking for include problem solving, knowledge, analytical, verbal, writing, CAD, and working well with coworkers and clients.
3:We have a superb team of positive people, a great working and learning environment, and competitive salaries/benefits.
4:Bellingham is a great place to work, live, play, and raise a family.
5:Responsibilities:
6:Project Management for water or wastewater projects including sewer comprehensive plans, engineering reports, and design for water/wastewater treatment, collection, distribution, water modeling, and pump stations.
7:Engineering design and project management for a wide variety of municipal water and wastewater treatment and conveyance systems involving treatment, water reclamation, pump stations, sewer rehabilitation, water mains, storage tanks, and related civil work.
8:Planning, evaluation, and selection of wastewater treatment and conveyance facilities or planning, evaluation, and selection of municipal drinking water systems.
9:Conceptual and detailed design calculations and analyses.
10:Detailed engineering reports and supporting documents.
11:Construction drawings, specifications and cost estimates.
12:General civil engineering design.
13:Qualifications:
14:Education: BS or MS in Civil or Environmental Engineering or similar
 10+ years experience in engineering desing preferred
 Experience with water or wastewater design
 PE Preferred
15:Pay Range:
$120,000 to $160,000 annually.
16:This is the lowest to highest salary we believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting.
17:This range may be modified in the future.
18:An employee’s pay within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, performance, and business or organizational needs.
19:Benefits:
20:Health Insurance including Dental and Vision
 Long & Short-Term Disability Coverage
 Generous Vacation, Sick Leave, and Holiday PTO
 SIMPLE IRA Match
 Relocation assistance
 Parental leave
21:Why Wilson Engineering?
22::
23:We specialize in wastewater, drinking water, stormwater, and civil engineering projects for numerous clients throughout the Pacific Northwest.
24:At Wilson Engineering our engineers have a wide range of responsibilities and will be involved with project phases from the start to finish; including, marketing & proposals, planning, reports, design, construction and operations support.
25:Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:
26:401(k)
 401(k) matching
 Health insurance
 Health savings account
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Parental leave
 Relocation assistance
 Vision insurance
27:Schedule:
28:8 hour shift
29:Supplemental pay types:
30:Bonus pay
31:Education:
32:Bachelor's (Required)
33:Language:
34:English (Required)
35:License/Certification:
36:Professional Engineer (Required)
37:Work Location: In person
