0:7680:AltaSource Group is seeking a Cloud Engineer for our industry leading global wealth client!
1:19200:Position Summary
   
 
 
   The Cloud Engineer is responsible for designing, implementing, and supporting the foundational AWS infrastructure including but not limited to AWS organizations/accounts, Landing Zone, networking, security, identity, and targeted business applications/integrations.
2:16512:They work as part of the larger Cloud organization consisting of Networking, IT Security, Development, Operations, and Site Reliability Engineering teams to build effective, secure, and scalable solutions to meet explosive business growth.
3:11904:This is a highly technical role focused on driving integration and convergence efforts to consolidate the organization's acquisition AWS resources, policies, and procedures.
4:11520:They will work closely with the client and acquisition stakeholders to align configuration requirements and establish connectivity between AWS, Azure, and Data Center environments.
5:22656:You day to day duties will be…
 
 
   Develop and maintain AWS Landing Zone resources such as accounts, VPCs, IAM, etc.
   Work closely with Morgan Stanley and acquisition Cloud Security/Engineering staff to align security policies, IaC blueprints, and security guardrails.
6:14208:Implement network connectivity between various Cloud Providers and Organizations
   Create and maintain approved Terraform IaC modules to ensure consistency and security
   Assist with application migrations from acquisition AWS Orgs.
7:2688:to Morgan Stanley Org.
8:78720:Design and implement best practices for operational excellence, security, reliability, performance, efficiency, and cost optimization across Cloud platforms
   Create and maintain documentation related to the Morgan Stanley Cloud Program
   Mentor junior team members on secure Cloud Ops design principles and IaC
 
 
 
   Your skill set should include…
 
 
   Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or equivalent experience
   AWS Cloud Architect Associate certification or equivalent
   5+ years' AWS technical experience, preferably in Financial Services
   Strong knowledge of Terraform, source control, and CI/CD pipelines (Github Actions)
   Strong Cloud Architecture, Networking, Security, and Operations knowledge
   Experience with Access Management technologies, best practices, and IdP (Okta)
   Experience working with Linux/UNIX and Docker or other container technologies
   Familiarity with DMZ based network architectures and associated infrastructure
   Able to work as part of a high performing, collaborative team with limited supervision
 
 
   
   Pay Rate: Up to $80/hr DOE
   This position is an onsite contract role with the potential to extend or convert full-time.
9:6528:Our client is unable to consider candidates who require visa sponsorship for this role.
10:3840:Please no corp-to-corp.
11:8064:AltaSource Group provides paid medical, dental, vision benefits for all of our consultants!
12:12288:We are one of the NW's unique TaaS (Talent as a Service) vendors that pride ourselves in individual, specialized attention not mass marketing.
13:14208:Your recruiter for this role will be:
   Bailey McClanahan
 
 
   https://www.linkedin.com/in/bailey-mcclanahan/
 
  
  
  IND123
